Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Culantro


 Browse All Culantro Recipes   
       Sawleaf herb     
 Name Variations : 
 Bhandhanya 
 Chandon benit 
 Fitweed 
 Long coriander 
 Mexican coriander 
 Wild coriander 
 Recao 
 Spiritweed 
 Ngo gai 
 Saw-leaf herb 
 Sawleaf herb 
 Shadow benny 
 Shadon 
 Shadoni benny 
 About Culantro : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Saw-Leaf herb on Wikipedia 
 Eryngium foetidum is a tropical perennial and annual herb in the family Apiaceae. It is native to Mexico and South America, but is cultivated worldwide.
 E. foetidum is widely used in seasoning and marinating in the Caribbean. It is also used extensively in Thailand, India, Vietnam, and other parts of Asia as a culinary herb. It is sometimes used as a substitute for cilantro, but has a much stronger taste.
 Medicinally, the leaves and roots are used in tea to stimulate appetite, improve digestion, combat colic, soothe stomach pains, eliminate gases and as an aphrodisiac.
 Culantro (Eryngium foetidum L., Apiaceae) is a biennial herb indigenous to continental Tropical America and the West Indies. Although widely used in dishes throughout the Caribbean, Latin America, and the Far East, culantro is relatively unknown in the United States and many other parts of the world and is often mistaken and misnamed for its close relative cilantro or coriander (Coriandrum sativum L.). Some of its common names descriptive of the plant include: spiny or serrated coriander, shado beni and bhandhania (Trinidad and Tobago), chadron benee (Dominica), coulante (Haiti), recao  (Puerto Rico), and fit weed (Guyana).
 Culantro grows naturally in shaded moist heavy soils near cultivated areas. Under cultivation, the plant thrives best under well irrigated shaded conditions. Like its close relative cilantro, culantro tends to bolt and flower profusely under hot high-light long days of summer months. Recent research at UVIAES has demonstrated that it can be kept in a vegetative mode through summer when treated with GA3 sprays.
 The plant is reportedly rich in calcium, iron, carotene, and riboflavin and its harvested leaves are widely used as a food flavoring and seasoning herb for meat and many other foods. Its medicinal value include its use as a tea for flu, diabetes, constipation, and fevers. One of its most popular use is in chutneys as an appetite stimulant. The name fitweed is derived from its supposedly anti-convulsant property. The presence of increasingly large West Indian, Latin American, and Asian immigrant communities in metropolises of the US, Canada and the UK. creates a large market for culantro and large quantities are exported from Puerto Rico and Trinidad to these areas.
 
 Culantro Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d0/Ngogai.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004549']
Categories: Herbs, Add category