Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vosi_Hnizda

Description : 
       Vosi Hnizda     
 Czech Christmas sweets. This is as common in the Czech Republic as  Mexican wedding cakes  / Russian tea cakes are in the USA. One does need a bee hive form, but one can use an empty chamber from a grocery store cardboard  egg  carton. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Hive : 
 1¼ cups crushed round  vanilla wafers  or round toddler  vanilla  wafers 
 25 whole round  vanilla wafers 
 1¼ cups  powdered sugar 
 7 tablespoons soft room temperature  butter 
 2 tablespoons  rum 
 2 tablespoons  water 
 2 tablespoons  cocoa  (Hershey's pure baking  cocoa ) 
 Filling : 
 ¾ cup  powdered sugar 
 5½ tablespoons soft room temp  butter 
 1  egg yolk , from a pasteurized  egg  (or immerse an unpasteurized  egg  in boiling  water  for 1 minute, cool immediately) 
 2 tablespoons  rum 
 Directions : 
 Set the 25 whole  vanilla  wafers aside. 
 Crush enough  vanilla  wafers, in a medium sized bowl, to make 1¼ cups of a rough " flour ". 
 Add  powdered sugar ,  butter ,  rum ,  water , and  cocoa . 
 Mix ingredients. 
 In a small bowl mix filling ingredients together. 
 Dust the inside of the bee hive form with  powdered sugar , then press in a small ball of dough. 
 Make a hole in the dough with your finger or end of a wooden spoon. 
 Add enough filling to the hole, with a spoon, to fill the cavity. 
 Carefully tap the hive out of the form and set it atop a whole  vanilla  wafer. 
 You must experiment to find out how much  powdered sugar  one needs to dust the form with, so that the hive slips out easily. 
 If you have no bee hive form, use an empty chamber from a grocery store cardboard  egg  carton. 
 Store in a cool place, remembering you have raw  egg  in the filling. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d7/VosiHnizda.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004217']
Categories: Christmas Desserts, Czech Desserts, Cocoa Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Rum Recipes, Vanilla wafer Recipes, Add category