Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Pork_with_Braised_Cabbage


 
 Description : 
 A smooth combination of authentic pork and cabbage is made with herbs, white wine, fresh broth, and olive oil, cooked to red-hot perfection, and served with other vegetable dishes on the side, as it is great for lunch or dinner and keeps a flaming hot taste with the meat and vegetables.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the meat base : 
 1 tsp. grated lemon rind 
 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped 
 2 tbsp. chopped, flat-leaf parsley 
 2 tbsp. olive oil 
 3 ¼ tsp. salt 
 1 ⅛ tsp. black pepper 
 1 boneless pork loin, butterflied 
 ½ cup dry white wine 
 For the vegetables : 
 2 tbsp. olive oil 
 1 onion, chopped, red, white, or yellow only 
 ½ cup white wine 
 ½ head of cabbage, shredded 
 ½ cup chicken or beef broth 
 ½ tsp. salt 
 Directions : 
 For the meat base/pork roast : 
 Heat an oven to 425° F. Coat a roasting pan with oil. 
 In a large bowl, mix together first 4 ingredients, ¼ teaspoon salt, and ⅛ teaspoon pepper. 
 Open pork loin on flat surface and spread lemon garlic mixture over the top. 
 Roll up pork; tie with the string. 
 Sprinkle with the remaining salt and pepper. Place in the pan. Roast 20 minutes. 
 Reduce the oven to 350° F and roast 30 minutes more. Add wine to the pan and roast 15 minutes longer or until done. 
 Remove the roast from the oven; transfer the roast to a cutting board. 
 Tent with the foil; let rest for 10 minutes. 
 Place a roasting pan over heat. Simmer, scraping up any browned bits from bottom of pan until slightly reduced. 
 For the vegetables : 
 In a new, large pot, heat the oil. 
 Add the onion; cook until golden and softened. 
 Add the wine; bring to a simmer. 
 Add the cabbage, broth and salt. 
 Cover the pot; reduce the heat. 
 Cook until the cabbage is tender, 1 hour. 
 To serve : 
 Spoon cabbage onto the serving platter or the large plate. 
 Slice pork; just place on top of cabbage. 
 Spoon pork juices over the top. 
 Contributed by: : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Pork Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, World Recipes, Herb Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Alcohol Recipes, Wine Recipes, White wine Recipes, Roasted Recipes, Add category