Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chilean_Sea_Bass_Moho_and_More

      Chilean Sea Bass Moho and More     
 If Chilean sea bass is unavailable, any sea bass is fine to use. Score the on the skin side, so it won't curl.
 
 Makes ⅔ cup of sauce and serves 2 
 Ingredients : 
 Moho sauce : 
 4 large  garlic  cloves peeled, and thinly sliced lengthwise 
 ¼ cup thinly-slivered  onion 
 ½ tsp ground  cumin 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground  black pepper  to taste 
 3 tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil 
 6 tbsp fresh  lime juice 
 ½ tsp  white wine vinegar 
 Sea bass and more : 
 2  Chilean sea bass  fillets (about 1 lb each) 
 4 tbsp fresh  lime juice 
 5 tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground  black pepper  to taste 
 2 large  garlic  cloves peeled, pressed 
 1 ripe  avocado  for serving 
 ¾ cup coarsely-chopped fresh  cilantro  leaves for serving 
 Directions : 
 Moho sauce : 
 Mix the  garlic  and  onion  in a small bowl with the  cumin ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Place the  oil  in a small, heavy saucepan over low heat. 
 Add the  onion  mixture and cook, stirring, for 10 minutes or until translucent. 
 Add the  lime juice  and  vinegar , then simmer over medium-low heat for 5 minutes. 
 Sea bass and more : 
 Halve the sea bass fillets crosswise (into 8-ounce pieces). 
 In a shallow bowl, whisk the  lime juice  with 3 tablespoons of the  olive oil ,  salt ,  pepper  and  garlic . 
 Add the and coat well. 
 Marinate for 15 minutes. 
 Remove and pat dry. 
 Preheat the oven to 450°F. 
 With a very sharp knife, score the skin side of the twice diagonally to prevent curling. 
 Place the remaining 2 tablespoons of  olive oil  in a nonstick skillet. 
 Sear the, skin-side down, over medium heat, holding the fillets down with a spatula until the skin is crispy and golden brown. 
 Remove to an ovenproof dish or skillet and bake in the oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until cooked through. 
 Meanwhile, set the moho sauce over very low heat and gently heat through. 
 Peel and slice the  avocado  in half lengthwise, remove the pit and slice each half into thin slices lengthwise. 
 To serve, place a fillet in the center of each of 4 dinner plates. 
 Spoon 1 to 2 tablespoons of moho sauce atop each fillet. 
 Fan 3 or 4 slices of  avocado  atop each serving and sprinkle with chopped  cilantro . 
 Place a bowl of the extra  cilantro  and a bowl of moho sauce on the table. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b0/Chilean_Sea_Bass_Moho.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004246']
Categories: Chilean Meat Dishes, Avocado Recipes, Seabass Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Add category