Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dog_Mush

Description : 
 Contributed by  Pets Holistic Med Community 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 cups  brown rice 
 12  eggs 
 4 cups  rolled oats 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 large bag of  carrots  (= 8 cups processed) 
 3 whole  chickens 
 large bag of  spinach 
 20 whole  black peppercorns 
 large bag of  broccoli 
 6 whole  bay leaves 
 2 cups peeled  garlic  cloves 
 3 tbsp  sea salt 
 Directions : 
 Clean three chickens: remove necks, gizzards, heart, and liver, and trim wing ends. 
 Place chickens in the pot and fill ¾ full with cold  water . 
 Add cleaned  garlic  cloves,  sea salt ,  bay leaves  and peppercorns. 
 Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and then reduce to a simmer for 2 hours, or until  chicken  falls from the bone. 
 Strain the stock and remove bones,  bay leaves , and peppercorns. 
 Return  chicken  meat, stock, and  garlic  to pot. 
 On medium heat, add  brown rice ,  rolled oats ,  olive oil ,  carrots  (grated or run through a food processor), and  eggs . 
 Stir all ingredients, breaking up  egg yolks . 
 Bring to a light boil stirring occasionally. 
 Cook for about 2 hours or until  rice  is soft and mushy. 
 Add entire bags of  spinach  and  broccoli  and continue cooking ½ hour more. 
 Put a week's worth of food in a container and refrigerate. 
 Bag the rest in one-gallon freezer bags and freeze. 
 
 
 
Categories: Broccoli Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Rice Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Add category