Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Maque_Choux_Thibodaux


 
 Description : 
 Pronounced mock shoe.
 Prudhomme says to use the freshest and sweetest  corn  available. This time of year i figured frozen  corn  would be better than fresh, so i used green giant extra sweet, which was actually a little too sweet. I think it was one of those new hybrids that are super sweet and also extra crispy. To make it again i"d use half extra sweet and half regular. I also threw in the last of a can of golden  hominy , which actually made a nice contrast in taste and texture, so actually next time i might end up with three kinds of  corn  in it—how"s that for gourmet cooking! the red  bell pepper  was my idea, since i thought the color would be a nice touch. Tastes wonderful. I bought the tiny cans of  prune juice  since i figured i wouldn"t be able to use up a big jar. I also just used dry  milk  made up double concentrated instead of  evaporated milk .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cup chopped  onion , in all 
 1 cup chopped  celery , in all 
 4 cup fresh  corn  kernels, in all (see below) 
 2 cup  stock , in all ( or  one 14½ oz can of stock) 
 ½ cup  apple juice 
 ½ cup  prune juice  ( or  one 5½ oz can) 
 1  red bell pepper , chopped 
 ½ cup  evaporated skim milk  ( or  ½ cup mixed double strength from dry) 
 ¼ cup  non-fat milk powder 
 Seasoning mix : 
 1½ tbsp  onion powder 
 1 tbsp  salt  (omit if canned stock is used) 
 1 tbsp sweet  paprika 
 1 tbsp  garlic powder 
 ¾ tbsp dry  mustard 
 ¼ tbsp  black pepper 
 ¼ tbsp  white pepper  (i didn't have any) 
 Directions : 
 combine seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl 
 combine 1 cup  onions , ½ cup  celery  and 2 cups  corn  in a blender (or food processor) with ½ cup stock. Puree until completely smooth. 
 place the pureed mixture in a hot skillet and cook scraping periodically for 12 to 13 minutes. Prudhomme says this is the most important step in developing the flavor. Cook a few minutes until a crust forms, scrape of the crust in and mix well. Allow another crust to form, blend in and repeat until the mixture is very thick and dark brown. 
 at the end of 12 minutes or so, add  apple  and  prune juice , remaining vegetables, seasoning mix and stock. Scrape to clear bottom of skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cook 35 minutes, checking bottom of skillet for sticking (especially near the end) 
 combine dry  milk  powder and  evaporated milk  until completely dissolved. Add to skillet while stirring, bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per 1 cup serving: calories 264, protein 12 gram, fat 1 gram, carbohydrates:55 g, percent calories from fat: 5%.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple juice Recipes, Celery Recipes, Corn Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Locto Recipes, Non-fat milk Recipes, Onion Recipes, Prune juice Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Add category