Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Back_on_the_Commune_Spinach_Lasagna

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Always check the ingredients to make sure the product is vegan.
 
 Ingredients : 
 tofu  and  spinach  Mixture 
 
 9 Lasagna Noodles Cooked According to Box Instructions 
 
 1 Box Frozen Chopped  spinach  (Thawed) 
 
 1 Pkg  firm tofu 
 
 1 Box Soft Silken Style  tofu 
 
 1 Large  Onion  Chopped 
 
 1 Tsp  basil 
 
 1 Tsp  oregano 
 
 1 Tsp  thyme 
 
 1 1/2 Tsp  salt 
 
 Fresh Ground  black pepper 
 
 2 cloves  garlic  (Crushed) 
 
 2 Tsp  whole grain  Dijon  mustard 
 
 White Sauce 
 
 4 Tbsp Vegan  margarine * 
 
 4 Tbsp  flour 
 
 1 Tsp  mustard  Powder 
 
 1/4 Tsp  salt 
 
 3 Cups  soy milk 
 Directions : 
 Saute  onions  in  olive oil  until they begin to brown. 
 Add  spinach  and heat for a minute. Set aside to cool. 
 In a bowl crumble  firm tofu , add  soft tofu  and mix into a  ricotta cheese  like consistency. 
 Add  spinach  mixture to  tofu . 
 Add remaining ingredients and stir until everything is properly mixed. 
 Cover bowl and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. 
 The longer it has to sit the more the flavour will soak in. 
 Only make the white sauce when you are ready to put the lasagna together. 
 To make the white sauce, melt the  margarine  in a sauce pan, add the  flour  and whisk into a paste. 
 Add  soy milk , and continue whisking until the mixture thickens. 
 Grease a lasagna pan and place 3 noodles on the bottom. 
 Pour 1/3 of the white sauce over the noodles. 
 Spread half of the  spinach  mixture on top of the white sauce and noodles. 
 Make one more layer using the remaining  spinach  mixture. 
 Place noodle on the top and pour the remaining white sauce over the lasagna. 
 Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake in a 375° oven for 30 minutes. 
 Let cool for 5-10 mins before serving. 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Soft tofu Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Add category