Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cachupa_Rica


 
 Ingredients : 
 4 cup samp ( hominy ) 
 1 cup  kidney beans 
 1 cup large  lima beans 
 ½ cup  shell beans 
 whole  chicken 
 2 lbs. spareribs ( pork  or  beef ) 
 1 chourico (garlic spicy  sausage ), sliced 
 1  blood sausage , when available, sliced 
 ¼ lb. lean  bacon , diced 
 2 lbs.  cabbage , chopped coarsely 
 2 lbs.  tomatoes , quartered 
 2 lbs. green  bananas , peeled and sliced 
 2 lbs. fresh  yams , peeled and chunked 
 2 lbs. fresh  sweet potatoes , peeled and chunked 
 2 lbs. hard  winter squash , peeled and chunked (e.g.  buttercup ,  butternut ,  hubbard  etc.) 
 1  onion , chopped 
 2 cloves of  garlic , peeled 
 2  bay leaves 
 Flat leaf  coriander 
 Directions : 
 Soak the samp and beans overnight. In a stock pot, heat six cups of  water . 
 Add two tablespoons of  olive oil ,  onion ,  garlic  and  bay leaf  to  water  for seasoning. 
 Bring to boil and add samp and beans. In a separate kettle, cook the vegetables except the  tomatoes  with the spareribs, chourico or linguica,  blood sausage , and  bacon . 
 Next, cut up and season the  chicken . Saute  chicken  in  olive oil . 
 Add  tomatoes , and let simmer until samp and beans are almost folk tender but not quite done. 
 Add cooked vegetables and meats into stock pot. Cook on low heat for approximately one hour. 
 About 20 minutes before the cachupa is done you may mix in well sautéd  onion ,  garlic  and  tomato  paste mixture (sofrito) to adjust and enhance the flavor. 
 Turn off heat and let sit in the covered pot for at least one half hour before serving. 
 Arrange meats and vegetables on a large serving platter and serve the  corn  and beans in a bowl. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cape Verdean Meat Dishes, Stew Recipes, Squash Recipes, Butternut squash Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Blood sausage Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Hominy Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Beef Recipes, Pork Recipes, Corn Recipes, Banana Recipes, Yam Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Kidney bean Recipes, Cranberry bean Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Add category