Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Alb%C3%B3ndigas_II

Description : 
 Spanish meatballs
 
       Albóndigas     
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds of mince ( beef  or  veal  with  pork ) 
 1 cup whole  milk 
 2  eggs 
 4 cloves  garlic 
 3 ounces  breadcrumbs 
 flour  to coat meatballs 
 parsley 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 olive oil  for frying 
 Sauce : 
 1 large  onion 
 1 cup  white wine 
 olive oil  for frying 
 Directions : 
 Place the mince in a large bowel. 
 In a separate smaller bowel, soak the breadcrumbs in the  milk . 
 Add two  eggs  to the breadcrumb mix, stirring with a wooden spoon. 
 With a pestle and mortar, smash the  garlic . 
 Chop the  parsley . 
 Add the  parsley  and  garlic  to the breadcrumbs blend, and then place contents into the blender until fully smooth. 
 Place all of the contents of the blender into the larger bowel of mince, stirring with a wooden spoon until fully blended. 
 Now you will begin to form the meatballs. 
 In your hand, take one or two tablespoons of the mince and roll it into a ball. 
 Place the ball in a teacup, cover it with your hand, and shake. 
 This gives the meatballs a good, round finish and makes them denser and more compact which will protect them from breaking apart when frying. 
 Cover the balls in  flour . 
 Once you have formed all of the meatballs, heat a deep pan and fill half way with  olive oil . 
 When the  olive oil  is extremely hot, place the meatballs in the pan and brown them entirely. 
 Be careful not to burn the meatballs, keep turning them until they are browned. 
 They don’t have to be cooked inside at this point. 
 In a separate pot, place a one inch deep layer of  olive oil  and heat. 
 Finely dice the  onions  and add the  onions  to the hot pot. 
 Fry the  onions  until golden and then add a tablespoon of  flour  to the pot. 
 Stir in a bit more  flour  to thicken (before adding any liquid, otherwise the  flour  will become bumpy), and then add the  white wine  and 1 cup of  water . 
 Keep the pot on high heat and add the browned meatballs to the pot, covering them with a bit more  water  if necessary. 
 Bring to a boil, and then lower heat to simmer for 30 minutes during which time the meatballs will cook fully inside. 
 Add  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Serve the meatballs with a full bodied, Spanish wine. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b2/Food-spain-recipes1-albondigas.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004141']
Categories: Spanish Meat Dishes, Meatball Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Ground veal Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Egg Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Onion Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category