Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Yalanchy_Sarma_/_Patat


 
 Description : 
 Stuffed Grape Leaves
 
 Ingredients : 
 Rice filling : 
 1 cup  rice , extra long  grain 
 ½ cup pure  olive oil 
 ¼ cup veg.  oil 
 2½ lbs.  onions  (chopped - equiv. to 5 heaping cups) 
 1 tbsp.  salt 
 ¼ tsp.  black pepper 
 ¼ tsp. red pepper 
 1½ cups  water 
 ½ cup fresh  lemon juice  squeezed and strained 
 1 tbsp.  pignoli   nuts  ½ cup chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 tbsp. dried  dill  or (2 tbsp. fresh chopped) 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in a 4-quart saucepan (stainless steel). When piece of  Onion  sizzles then add  pignoli   nuts  and all of  Onion . Mix well, then stir in  salt , black and red pepper. 
 Cook over medium heat stirring all the time. Do not brown  Onion . Cook until soft or until color changes from pure white to off-white. Now add washed and drained  rice . Mix well. Add chopped  parsley  and  dill  mixing well with ingredients in pan. Add 1½ cups  water  and cook approximately 15 minutes, stirring often so bottom and sides won't stick to pan or burn. Now add  lemon juice . Mix well. Remove from heat. 
 Empty ingredients into open pan. Line bottom of another 4-quart stainless steel pan with  grape  leaves. (This helps prevent burning.) 
 Wrapping leaves : 
 (1 cup  rice  uses up a 9 ounce  grapel  eaves). 
 
 Cut stems off leaves and unfold. 
 Fill  grape  leaves with  rice  mixture using tablespoon. 
 Mix  rice  occasionally so  oil  will be evenly distributed. 
 Hold leaf on left palm with stem side away from you and vein side up. 
 Place tablespoon of  rice  on top end near stem. 
 Now fold top down and the two sides over, then roll toward the inside of your palm covering all the  rice . 
 Make a firm roll in shape of cigar. 
 Lay wrapped  grape  leaves end to end in circle in bottom of pan, covering first the bottom, then start 2nd row continuing in circle pattern. when all wrapped leaves are arranged in pan, add 2 cups of  water  and cover pan with inverted 10" plate over sarmas and cook until it comes to a boil, then reduce heat and cook ½ hour. 
 Turn off heat and let set for approximately 15 minutes. 
 Remove plate. Let cool. 
 Using same system of arranging in cooking pan, empty rolled leaves carefully and place on shallow serving dish or pyrex bowl.* Cover with saran wrap. Refrigerate. Serve cold or at room temperature. Garnish with  lemon  wedges or  parsley  sprigs.
 Makes approximately 60 sarmas, using small leaves
 
 
 
 
Categories: Pine nut Recipes, Grape leaf Recipes, Dill Recipes, Rice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category