Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Seafood_Stew


 
 Description : 
 Seafood Stew  from National Diabetes Program Recipe and Meal Planner Guide, public domain government resource—original source of recipe
 This stew can be served with boiled  yucca  or  plantains  and a vegetable  salad . Top it off with some fresh fruit and you have a very healthy meal! Freeze any leftovers and enjoy it later.
 
 Cook Time : About 45 minutes 
 Serves : 10 
 Ingredients : 
 6 cups  water 
 10 oz.  white wine 
 3  celery  stalks, chopped 
 3 medium  carrots , chopped 
 1 pound large  shrimp , washed 
 1 pound  crayfish 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 2 medium  onions , chopped 
 1 medium  red pepper , chopped 
 1 medium green  bell pepper , chopped 
 4 medium  tomatoes , chopped 
 2 tablespoons  tomato paste 
 2 teaspoons chopped fresh  thyme 
 2 teaspoons chopped fresh  oregano 
 1 pound  sea bass , cut into chunks 
 1 pound small  squid , cleaned and sliced 
 Salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 In a large, non-aluminum saucepan, stir together the water, white wine, celery, and carrots. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. 
 Add the shrimp and crayfish and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Strain the shellfish and vegetables from the broth and set the broth aside. Peel the crayfish and shrimp and discard the shells. 
 Warm the olive oil in the large saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook the onions and peppers until tender, about 6 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, tomato paste, thyme and oregano. Add the reserved broth and bring to a simmer. 
 Stir in the sea bass and squid and simmer for 2 minutes. Return the crayfish, shrimp and vegetables to the broth and simmer for 1 more minute. Season to taste, ladle into bowls, and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Crayfish Recipes, Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Main Dish Seafood Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Seabass Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Squid Recipes, Stew Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category