Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Picnic_Tart

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 This meat-and- Cheese  tart makes a satisfying main course that’s easy to serve alfresco. 
 
       Description     
 Ingredients : 
 2 teaspoons Atkins Quick QuisineTM Bake Mix 
 1 (10-ounce) package frozen chopped  Spinach 
 1/2 pound lean ground  Beef 
 1/2 pound hot Italian  Sausage , casing removed 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 1 cup chopped  Scallions , with some green portion 
 1 cup thinly sliced  Mushrooms 
 1 teaspoon minced  Garlic 
 2 cups shredded  Mozzarella Cheese  (about 6 ounces) 
 1/2 cup strained or crushed  Tomatoes 
 1/2 teaspoon Italian  Seasoning 
 1 large  egg 
 1/4 cup drained and chopped roasted red  Peppers 
 1/4 teaspoon  Pepper 
 1/2 drained roasted red  Pepper , cut into thin strips, divided 
 2 tablespoons freshly grated  Parmesan Cheese  (preferably Parmigiano-Reggiano) 
 1 tablespoon  pine nuts , toasted (optional) 
 Directions : 
 1. Lightly  butter  sides and bottom of an 8-inch springform pan. Evenly sift bake mix onto sides and bottom of pan; set aside.
2. Cook  spinach  according to package directions. Transfer to a strainer. With a spoon, press  spinach  firmly against sides to remove as much liquid as possible. Set aside.
3. Heat oven to 375 °F. Heat a 9-inch cast-iron skillet over medium heat until hot. Crumble in ground  Beef  and  Sausage . Cook until meat is browned, about 10 to 12 minutes, breaking it apart with a wooden spoon. Transfer to a colander to drain off any fat. Heat  oil  in same skillet over medium heat. Add scallions,  Mushrooms  and  garlic . Cook until scallions and  Mushrooms  are tender, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. Stir in browned meat. Add strained  tomatoes , 1 cup of the  mozzarella  and the  Italian seasoning , stirring until well combined. Transfer mixture to prepared springform pan, spreading into an even layer with the back of a spoon. Press firmly into pan.
4. In a medium bowl, lightly beat  egg . Add  spinach , remaining 1 cup of the  mozzarella , the 1/4 cup of the roasted red pepper and the  pepper ; stir until well combined. Spread over  Beef  mixture, pressing down firmly. Arrange remaining roasted red pepper strips in center; sprinkle Parmesan over top. Place springform pan on a large baking sheet with a rim.
5. Bake until Parmesan is lightly browned and tart is heated all the way through, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand 10 minutes on baking sheet. Run a sharp knife around sides of tart, release the sides of the springform pan and transfer tart to a serving platter. Sprinkle with toasted  pine nuts  and serve warm or at room temperature, cut into wedges.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/27/Italian_picnic_tart.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004043']
Categories: Atkins Meat Dishes, Beef Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Add category