Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Smoked_Chilean_Sea_Bass_with_Thai_Vinaigrette


 
 Description : 
         
 This recipe yields 4 servings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Seabass and tea smoke : 
 4 x 4 oz  Chilean sea bass  fillets, skin off 
 2 tbsp uncooked  rice 
 4 whole  cloves 
 1 tsp leaves from 2  Earl Grey  tea bags, removed from packets 
 ¼ tsp light  olive oil  with a dash of toasted  sesame oil 
 Couscous : 
 ½ tsp light  olive oil  with a dash of toasted  sesame oil 
 ¼ cup roughly chopped fresh  lemongrass 
 2 tbsp finely chopped fresh  ginger  root 
 ¼ cup chopped  green onion , white bulb only 
 grated  zest  of ½  lime 
 3¾ cup  fish stock 
 1 pch freshly ground  sea salt 
 10 oz instant  couscous 
 Vinaigrette : 
 1 cup reserved seasoned  stock 
 1 tbsp thinly sliced fresh  ginger  root 
 ¼ cup thinly sliced fresh  lemongrass 
 3 tbsp freshly squeezed  lime juice 
 1 tbsp low sodium  soy sauce 
 2 tbsp light  olive oil 
 ¼ tsp toasted  sesame oil 
 2 tbsp fresh  coriander leaves 
 12 fresh  mint  leaves 
 2 tsp  arrowroot  mixed with 4 tsp reserved, (slurry) vinaigrette 
 Raw vegetable garnish : 
 1 x 5 inch piece fresh  ginger  root, sliced into 4 flat pieces length-ways, up to 6 
 2  green onion , sliced length-ways into thin pieces 
 1  red bell pepper , cut into long toothpick size strips 
 ½  English cucumber , cut into long thin strips 
 1  carrot , cut into long thin strips 
 mint  leaves, sliced thinly 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Seabass and tea smoke : 
 Rinse and pat dry the fillets with a paper towel. 
 Cut 3 sheets of heavy duty aluminium foil into 15 inch squares. 
 Roll the edges under to form a circle that fits in the bottom of a large heavy pot or dutch oven. The pot should not be made of a light alloy or alloy bonded to other metals. Cast iron, aluminium or steel pans work fine. 
 You should have a foil "saucer" about 5 inches in diameter. 
 When the edge is rolled to about 1 inch high, stop and flatten the foil. Depress the centre to hold the smoke ingredients. 
 In the depression of the aluminium foil saucer, sprinkle the  rice  on the bottom, the cloves and then the contents of the tea bags. 
 Place the foil dish in the bottom of the dutch oven, cover the pan tightly and cook over high heat until the ingredients in the foil start smoking, about 5 minutes. 
 Brush a long-legged steamer basket with the  olive oil . 
 Place the sea bass ion the steamer platform. 
 Put into the dutch oven over the smoke ingredients, cover, and continue smoking over high heat until cooked through, about 8 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and let cool. 
 Couscous : 
 Pour the  oil  into a medium saucepan and fry the  lemongrass ,  ginger ,  green onion  and  lime  zest for 2 minutes. 
 Add the stock and bring to a boil. 
 Turn the heat down and simmer for 10 minutes to allow for infusion and reduction. 
 Strain into a large measuring cup - you want to have 3 cups of liquid. 
 Reserve 1 cup for the vinaigrette. 
 Pour the remaining 2 cups back into the saucepan and bring back to a boil. 
 Stir in the  salt  and  couscous , cover, remove from the heat and let stand for 5 minutes. 
 Vinaigrette : 
 In a medium saucepan, combine the reserved stock,  ginger  and  lemongrass  and boil until reduced to ½ cup, about 10 minutes. 
 Strain into a blender jar. 
 Add the  lime juice , soy sauce,  olive oil ,  sesame oil , coriander and  mint  leaves and whiz for 2 minutes to emulsify or hold together. 
 Reserve 1½ tbsp. 
 Pour the rest into a small saucepan and bring to the boil. 
 Remove from the heat, stir in the  arrowroot  slurry, return to the heat and bring to a boil to thicken and clear, about 30 seconds. 
 To serve, make a mound of  couscous  on each plate and place a smoked fillet on top. 
 Raw vegetable garnish : 
 Arrange the raw vegetable garnish (reserving the  mint ) around the plate. 
 Ladle the vinaigrette atop the sea bass and garnish it with slivers of  mint . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/20/Smoked_Chilean_Sea_Bass_with_Thai_Vinaigrette.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004518']
Categories: Arrowroot starch Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chilean Meat Dishes, Couscous Recipes, English cucumber Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mint Recipes, Add category