Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Runner_bean


 Browse All Runner bean Recipes   
       Runner bean     
 Contents 
 
 1   Name Variations 
 2   About Runner bean 
 3   Runner bean Recipes 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Name Variations : 
 romano bean 
 italian flat bean 
 About Runner bean : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Runner bean on Wikipedia 
 This climbing plant -- one of Britain's favorite green beans-was brought to the British lsles in the 17th century for decorative use because of its beautiful flowers. The scarlet runner bean has a long, green bean-type pod that holds red-streaked beige, medium-size seeds. Young runners may be prepared in any way suitable for Green Beans. In U.S. markets consumers are more likely to find the shelled dried beans, which can be cooked like Pinto or Pink Beans and used in dishes such as soups and stews. 
 The runner bean (Phaseolus coccineus, Fabaceae) is often called the  scarlet runner bean  since most varieties have red flowers and multicolored seeds, though some have white flowers and white seeds. It differs from the common bean in several respects: the cotyledons stay in the ground during germination, and the plant is a perennial with tuberous roots (though it is usually treated as an annual).
 The green pods are edible whole but in some varieties (the scarlet runner) tend to become fibrous early, and only the seeds within are eaten. The seeds can be used fresh or as dried beans. The starchy roots are still eaten by Central American Indians. The scarlet runner is widely grown for its attractive flowers by people who would never think of eating it.
 This species originated from the mountains of Central America.
 Phaseolus coccineus subsp. darwinianus is a cultivated subspecies of P. coccineus, it is commonly referred to as the Botil bean in Mexico.
 
 Runner bean Recipes : 
 See also : 
 Mortgage runner bean 
 Scarlet runner bean 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/c7/Runnerb.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20080516004138']
Categories: Snap beans, Add category