Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Barbara_Rose%27s_Enchilladas_Supreme

Description : 
 Enchillada's filled with  chicken  and a creamy white sauce, topped with avocado salad. This recipe serves 4, but is easily expandable.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 boneless, skinless  chicken  breasts, cut into large dice of ½" 
 1 cup chopped yellow or brown  onion 
 ½ tsp dried  oregano 
 ¼ tsp ground  black pepper 
 1 cup shredded Monterey  jack cheese 
 1 cup real  or  imitation  sour cream 
 1 x 7 ounce can diced mild  green chiles 
 1 cup canned  enchilada sauce 
 8 x 6" flour  tortillas 
 1 cup shredded sharp  cheddar  cheese 
 1 cup shredded  iceberg lettuce 
 1 cup chopped fresh  tomatoes 
 1 cup cubed  California avocadoes 
 ½ cup sliced  black olives 
 ¼ cup or more to taste, chopped fresh  cilantro 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Spray a large lasagna type casserole dish with no-stick spray. 
 Coat bottom of casserole with ⅓ of the enchilada sauce, set aside. 
 Heat a non-stick skillet, add cubed  chicken  cooking 3 to 5 minutes over medium -high heat until lightly browned. 
 Add chopped  onion ,  oregano  and  black pepper , and continue cooking an additional 3 to 5 minutes till the  chicken  is no longer pink and is lightly browned, and the  onion  is translucent. 
 Remove from heat, and cool in skillet for 5 minutes. 
 Stir in canned mild green chiles,  sour cream  and  Monterey jack   cheese . 
 Evenly divide  chicken  mixture down center of each  flour  tortilla, roll up and place seam side down into prepared pan atop the enchilada sauce. 
 Spoon the remaining ⅔ cup enchilada sauce evenly over the rolled up tortillas. 
 Cover baking dish tightly with aluminum foil. 
 Bake at 350 degrees, for 30 minutes, or until thoroughly heated. 
 While this is in the oven, toss together in a large bowl, the shredded  lettuce , chopped fresh  tomatoes , cubed avocado, sliced and  cilantro . 
 Remove from oven and remove aluminum foil. 
 Top with sharp  cheddar   cheese  and return to the oven, uncovered, for about 4 or 5 minutes. 
 Remove from the oven one more time, and top the entire casserole with the  lettuce  mixture, spreading it evenly over the entire surface. 
 Return the casserole to the oven for just 2 to 3 minutes more to wilt the  lettuce  and lightly warm the  tomatoes ,  avocados  and . 
 Serve with Mexican style  rice , and lots of crunchy tortilla chips. 
 
 
 
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Enchilada Recipes, Hass avocado Recipes, Iceberg lettuce Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category