Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/German_Caraway_Cheese_and_Fresh_Homemade_Cheese


 
 Description : 
 This homemade caraway  cheese  tastes good on homemade bread or Knackebrod or on crackers. Making farmhouse  cheese  takes about 24 hours, it is not labor-intensive and it yields a superior product.
 
       German Caraway Cheese and Fresh Homemade Cheese     
 Makes 8 cups. 
 Ingredients : 
 dry-curd  cottage cheese 
 1 cup  unsalted butter 
 1 teaspoon  baking soda 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 2 cups  sour cream 
 2 tablespoons  caraway seeds 
 Fresh farmhouse cheese : 
 (use 8 cups) 
 
 1½ gallons homogenized whole  milk 
 1 cup  buttermilk 
 1  rennin  tablets 
 cream  or  sour cream  or  milk  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Caraway cheese : 
 Make sure the farmhouse  cheese  is drained well in cheesecloth (do not add any  cream  to the  cheese  after draining). 
 Place the  butter ,  baking soda , and  salt  in the top of a double boiler over simmering  water . 
 When the  butter  is melted, add the  cheese , and continue cooking, whisking occasionally, until the  cheese  has melted, about 1 hour. 
 The  butter  and  cheese  will be separated. 
 Beat in the  sour cream  and  caraway seeds  until the mixture is blended well together. 
 Pour into a large loaf pan or a crock. 
 Cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, until the  cheese  is firm. 
 Turn out onto a serving dish, if you like, bring to room temperature, and serve. 
 Fresh farmhouse cheese : 
 Warm the whole  milk  and  buttermilk  over low heat in a large saucepan or stockpot until they reach 90 °F on an instant-read thermometer. 
 Pour ¼ cup of this mixture into a glass measuring cup and heat it in the microwave for 10 seconds on high, or until it is 115 °F; alternatively, heat the ¼ cup  milk  in a small saucepan until it reaches the same temperature. 
 Crumble the  rennet  tablet into the warm  milk  in the measuring cup and stir to blend. 
 Pour this mixture back into the large saucepan and stir well. 
 Remove from the heat, cover the pan, and let the mixture sit overnight, for at least 14 hours. 
 In the morning, return the pan to the heat and remove its cover. 
 For a larger curd  cheese , bring the mixture to 130 °F or 140 °F over medium heat; for a smaller curd  cheese , bring the mixture to about 115 °F over low heat. 
 Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, at the desired temperature for 1 to 1½ hours, or until the curds have separated from the whey. 
 Meanwhile, line two colanders with a double thickness of cheesecloth. 
 Tie or clip the cheesecloths to the perimeters of the colanders to keep them from slipping inches gently pure half of the mixture through 1 colander and half through the other. 
 Let the whey drain off the  cottage cheese  for about 1 hour. 
 Spoon the drained  cheese  into two 1-pint containers. 
 Stir in some fresh  cream ,  sour cream , or whole  milk , if you like, for a softer consistency and flavor. 
 The  cheese  will keep covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/51/279704519.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004010']
Categories: German Appetizers, Cottage cheese Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Add category