Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Caramelised_Garlic_Tart


 Description : 
 This recipe is from Yotam Ottolenghi's vegetarian cookbook "Plenty". It was published in  guardian.co.uk 
 
 Serves eight. 
 Ingredients : 
 375 g all-butter puff pastry 
 3 whole heads  garlic 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 tsp  balsamic vinegar 
 220 ml water 
 ¾ tbsp  caster sugar 
 1 tsp chopped  rosemary 
 1 tsp chopped  thyme , plus a few whole sprigs to finish 
 salt  and  black  pepper 
 120 g soft, creamy  goat's cheese 
 120 g hard, mature  goat's cheese 
 2 free-range  eggs 
 100 ml  double cream 
 100 ml  crème fraîche 
 Directions : 
 Roll out the pastry into a circle that will line the bottom and sides of a shallow, loose-bottomed, 28cm fluted tart tin. 
 Line the tin with pastry, place a circle of greaseproof paper on the bottom and fill with baking beans. 
 Leave to rest in the fridge for 20 minutes. 
 Heat the oven to 180 °C / gas mark 4. 
 Blind-bake the case for 20 minutes, remove the beans and paper, and bake for five to 10 minutes more, until golden. 
 Set aside. 
 Meanwhile, make the caramelised garlic. 
 Separate and peel all the cloves, put them in a small pan and cover with water. 
 Bring to a simmer, blanch for three minutes and drain. 
 Dry the pan, return the garlic to it along with the oil and fry on a high heat for two minutes. 
 Add the vinegar and water, bring to a boil, then simmer gently for 10 minutes. 
 Add the sugar, chopped herbs and a quarter-teaspoon of salt, and simmer for 10 minutes, until most of the liquid has evaporated and the cloves are coated in a dark syrup. 
 Break the goat's cheeses into pieces and scatter in the tart case. 
 Spoon the garlic and syrup evenly over the cheese. 
 Whisk the eggs, creams, half a teaspoon of salt and some black pepper, then pour over the garlic mix, filling any gaps and making sure the garlic and cheese peep over the top. 
 Turn the oven to 160 °C / gas mark 3 and bake the tart for 35–45 minutes, until the filling has set and the top is golden brown. 
 Remove from the oven and leave to cool a little. 
 Take the tart out of its tin, trim the edges, lay a few sprigs of thyme on top and serve warm with a crisp salad. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d5/Garlic_tart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20100418174237']
Categories: Savory pie Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Goat cheese Recipes, Add category