Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gutap

Description : 
 Kazakh deep-fried herb fritters
 
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 3 tbsp  dill  freshly chopped fine 
 3 tbsp  parsley  freshly chopped fine 
 1 tbsp  garlic  minced 
 9 tbsp  scallions  chopped fine 
 1 tbsp  black pepper  freshly ground 
 8 tbsp  butter 
 1½ tsp  salt 
 Dough : 
 1½ cups  all purpose flour 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 4 tbsp  butter , softened 
 ⅔ cup luke warm  water 
 Sauce : 
 1 tsp  cider vinegar 
 ¼ cup  sour cream 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 ½ tsp  flour 
 6 tbsp finely minced  onion 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  black pepper  freshly ground 
 1 tbsp  lemon  or  lime juice  freshly- squeezed and strained 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 Place the  flour  into a deep mixing bowl. 
 Make a hollow in the center. 
 Add the  water  into the hollow,  salt , and 2 t of the  butter . 
 Stir slowly until all of the ingredients are well mixed and the  water  is totally absorbed. 
 Beat vigorously with a large spoon until a firm, stiff dough is formed. 
 Gather the dough into a ball. 
 On floured surface roll the dough ball out into a rectangle approx. 16" x 18". 
 Brush the dough with the remaining  butter , fold into quarters, then roll it out as thinly as possible. 
 Cut into a 16" x 18" rectangle the cut that into 48 each 2" squares. 
 Filling : 
 Combine the  salt ,  pepper , scallions,  garlic ,  parsley , and dill. 
 Cut the  butter  into tiny bits and chill until the dough is ready. 
 Place a teaspoon of the filling mix into the center of each square, add a piece of the  butter  to each. 
 Draw up the corners and pinch them together firmly thus closing the filling into the dough. 
 Heat enough  oil  in a deep pot. 
 Heat to 375°F and drop in 4 – 6 of the filled squares. 
 Cook for 4 minutes, remove from the  oil , drain, and serve warm. 
 Sauce : 
 Melt the  butter , add the chopped  onions , the  salt , the  pepper , and the  vinegar . 
 Cook for 4 minutes then add the remaining ingredients. 
 Stir constantly until it thickens. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Ad the  lemon juice  and serve over the fritters. 
 
 
 
Categories: Kazakh Vegetarian, Kazakh Appetizers, Fritter Recipes, Dill Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Onion Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category