Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Friday_Night_Pot_Roast

Ingredients : 
 4 lbs  top or bottom round , 2" thick 
 1 large  onion , coarse chop 
 2 large  carrots , coarse chop 
 1  bell pepper , seeded, chopped 
 6 clove  garlic , coarse chop 
 6 each sprigs  parsley  and dill, 1  bay leaf  and ½ ts.  thyme  put into spice bag. 
 6 each whole  cloves 
 ½ tsp each  allspice  and  curry  powder 
 ¾ cup  apple juice 
 1 cup  water 
 1 cup kosher dry  red wine 
 1½ tbsp plain  or  seasoned  olive oil 
 1 cup  tomato purée  (unsalted) 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 watercress  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Put meat into large narrow pot or bowl that will just hold it, leaving room for liquid (cut meat in ½ to fit if necessary). 
 In medium saucepan combine  onion ,  carrots ,  pepper ,  garlic , shallots, spice bag, cloves, spices,  apple juice  and  water . 
 Bring to boil. 
 Reduce heat to simmering and cook for 3 minutes. 
 Stir in wine. 
 Pour over meat. 
 Cover and refrigerate overnight. 
 Preheat oven to 300 °F. 
 Drain meat, pushing off vegetables. 
 Remove and reserve spice bag. 
 Strain marinade into bowl, reserving solids. 
 Heat  oil  in heavy Dutch oven over med-hi heat. 
 Meat all over; add drained vegetables. 
 Stir and cook with meat until they begin to soften. 
 Add reserved marinade, spice bag and  tomato purée , turning meat and spooning several times with sauce. 
 Cover and cook over moderate heat for 5 minutes. 
 Position oven rack to lower third of oven. 
 Bake 1 hr. 
 Turn meat and baste. 
 Repeat turning and basting 3 more times until meat is tender (3½ to 4 hrs). 
 Remove pot from oven and let stand 30 minutes. 
 Discard spice bag. 
 Transfer meat to bowl with cover. 
 Place pot over med. 
 High heat and bring sauce to boil. 
 Cook, uncovered, until reduced by ¼. 
 Let cool; then pour into another container with tight lid. 
 Refrigerate meat and sauce until well chilled. 
 Cut away any congealed fat from sauce. 
 Pour sauce into wide heavy-bottom saucepan. 
 Heat until bubbling. 
 Sprinkle with  salt . 
 Cut meat against  grain  into ¼" slices. 
 Immerse in sauce and heat through. 
 Arrange meat on warmed serving platter in a neat pattern. 
 Spoon with some of gravy; serve remainder in gravy boat. 
 Garnish platter with watercress. 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple juice Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Passover Seder Meat Dishes, Red wine Recipes, Add category