Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ensaymada

      Ensaymada     
 Description : 
 Ensaymada, a Filipino sweet bread, is one of the many pastries derived from Spanish origins. Ensaymada in fact are very much the same as their European counterpart, ensaimada, which are a pastry specialty of the Balearic Islands, most notably Mallorca (Majorca). 
Although it is a Spanish specialty, the origin of the ensaimada can theoretically be traced to the Arabic occupation of the Ibizan Peninsula from 740 to 1235 AD and the explorations of the Arab world by the Spanish and Portuguese.
 The original sweet bread is one large snail-like coil dusted in  sugar , but today individual sized cakes are more popular throughout the country.
 They are soft, buttery, milky and rich, and with the added slather of  butter ,  sugar , and  cheese , a sinful pillow of extravagance for your breakfast or tea.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3½ to 4 teaspoonfuls of  yeast 
 ⅓ cup of lukewarm  water 
 1½ teaspoonfuls of  white sugar 
 ½ cup diluted  evaporated milk  or undiluted whole  milk 
 ½ cup  white sugar 
 ¼ cup melted  butter 
 3  egg yolks 
 2½ to 3 cups unsifted  all-purpose flour  (after measuring sift  flour ) 
 Directions : 
 Grated mild white or yellow  cheese ,  white sugar , softened  butter  for top or filling. 
 Dissolve the  yeast  in the lukewarm  water  and 1½ teaspoonful of  white sugar . 
 Mix, then set aside until bubbly. 
 Mix everything together until well incorporated and smooth. 
 Transfer dough into a greased bowl, let rise for one hour, then form into a log, flatten out and fill with  cheese  and  butter  (optional), or just coil into a snail shape in a greased pan. 
 If you are making individual cakes, divide the dough in equal pieces, roll into logs and coil or knot and place in greased muffin tins. 
 Let rise for another hour, then brush with  butter  and bake in a preheated 300˚f oven for 25 minutes or until lightly brown. 
 Cool completely, slather with  butter , dust with  sugar  and top with grated  cheese , if desired. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/58/Ensaymada.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004244']
Categories: Filipino Snacks, Evaporated milk Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Sweet bread Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category