Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cajun_Deep-fried_Turkey

Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  kosher salt 
 3 tablespoons  onion powder 
 3 tablespoons  black pepper 
 3 tablespoons  white pepper 
 2 tablespoons  sweet basil 
 2 teaspoons  bay leaves  ground 
 1 tablespoon  cayenne pepper 
 2 teaspoons  filé powder 
 3 tablespoons  garlic powder 
 1½ tablespoons  paprika 
 1 x 10 – 12 pound whole  turkey 
 4 to 5 gallons  peanut oil   [1] 
 Directions : 
 Stir  salt , herbs and  peppers  together. 
 Mix until well blended. 
 Use ½ to ⅔ cup for a 10 – 12 pound  turkey . 
 May be stored for several months in an airtight covered jar. 
 Remove the giblets and neck, rinse the  turkey  well with cold  water  and pat dry thoroughly with paper towels. 
 Take care to dry both inside cavities. 
 Place in a large pan and rub the interior and exterior of the bird with seasoning mix. 
 To allow for good  oil  circulation through the cavity, do not truss or tie legs together. 
 Cut off the wing tips and plump little tail as they may get caught in the fryer basket. 
 Cover pan and place in refrigerator overnight. 
 Place the outdoor gas burner on a level dirt or grassy area. 
 Never fry a  turkey  indoors, in a garage or in any structure attached to a building. 
 Do not fry on wood decks, which could catch fire, or concrete, which could be stained by the  oil  ( Safety tip : have a fire extinguisher nearby for added safety) 
 Add  oil  to a 7 – 10 gallon pot with a basket or rack. 
 At the medium- high setting, heat the  oil  to 375°F, (depending on the amount of  oil , outside temperature and wind conditions, this should take about 20 – 40 minutes). 
 Meanwhile, place the  turkey  in a basket or on a rack, neck down. 
 When the deep-fry thermometer reaches 375°F slowly lower the  turkey  into the hot  oil . 
 The level of the  oil  will rise due to the frothing caused by the moisture from the  turkey  but will stabilize in about one minute ( Safety tips : to prevent burns from the splattering  oil  wear oven mitts/gloves, long sleeves, heavy shoes and even glasses. It is wise to have two people lowering and raising the  turkey ) 
 Immediately check the  oil  temperature and increase the flame so the  oil  temperature is maintained at 350°F. If the temperature drops to 340°F or below,  oil  will begin to seep into the  turkey . 
 Fry about 3 – 4 minutes per pound, or about 35 – 42 minutes for a 10 – 12 pound  turkey . 
 Stay with the cooker at all times as the heat must be regulated. 
 When cooked to 170°F in the breast or 180°F in the thigh, carefully remove the  turkey  from the hot  oil . 
 Allow the  turkey  to drain for a few minutes  ( Safety tip : allow the  oil  to cool completely before storing or disposing) 
 Remove  turkey  from the rack and place on a serving platter. 
 Allow to rest for 20 minutes before carving. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Use only oils with high smoke points, such as  Peanut , canola or  safflower oil . To determine the correct amount of  oil , place the  turkey  in the pot before adding seasoning and add  water  until  turkey  is covered. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Cajun Meat Dishes, Filé powder Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Italian basil Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Add category