Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Double_Buzz_Chili


 Prep Time:  ~ 30 minutes
 Cook Time:  1 hour
 Yields:  8 servings
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Spice Mix 
 2.2   Toppings 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 
This is a thick and hearty chili with some good heat that will warm you up and fill you up too. Makes a great meal all by itself. Best served with sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese on top. Even better with some good southern corn bread on the side!
 
 Ingredients : 
 
 2 lbs  ground beef 
 2 cups diced  onion  - yellow or white 
 3  jalapeño peppers , seeded and diced 
 5 cloves of minced  garlic 
 3 large  carrots , chopped into ½ inch slices 
 3 – 4 medium  red potatoes , chopped into 1 inch cubes - about 2 cups 
 1  red bell pepper , seeded and chopped into 1 inch pieces 
 1  green bell pepper , seeded and chopped into 1 inch pieces 
 1 x 28 ounce can of crushed  tomatoes 
 1 x 15 ounce can of  black beans , drained and rinsed 
 1 x 15 ounce can of  red kidney  or  pinto beans 
 1 cup black  coffee  - even better if you can do  French press 
 1½ cups dark  beer  of your choice 
 Spice Mix : 
 4 tbsp  chili powder 
 1 tsp fresh ground  black pepper 
 1 tsp  white pepper 
 ½ tsp  cayenne pepper 
 ½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 Toppings : 
 sour cream 
 shredded  cheddar  cheese 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 
 Brown the beef in a 6 quart pot over medium heat until juices begin to simmer. 
 Add the onion, jalapeños, garlic, and spice mix and continue simmering until beef is no longer pink. 
 Add the potatoes, carrots, bell peppers, crushed tomatoes, coffee and beer and stir well. 
 Add black and red beans last and mix in gently. 
 Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour until chili is thick. 
 Portion into bowls, top with sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese, serve with corn bread, and enjoy! 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chili Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Onion Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Pinto bean Recipes, Red kidney bean Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Recipes using beer, Add category