Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Pilaf_with_Nuts_and_Candied_Orange_Peel


 
 Description : 
 Serves 6
 
 Ingredients : 
 zest of 3 large  oranges , cut into ¼-inch-wide strips 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 1  chicken  (3½ pounds), well rinsed, patted dry, and cut into serving size pieces 
 3 large  onions , sliced into rings 
 ½ teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 small pinch of  cinnamon 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 4¾ cups  water 
 6 tablespoons (¾ stick)  unsalted butter , cut into pieces 
 2 cups  long-grain rice 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 ⅔ cup  slivered almonds 
 ⅔ cup shelled  pistachio nuts 
 Directions : 
 Blanch the  orange  zest in boiling  water  for 1 minute. 
 Rinse under cold running  water  and blanch once more for 1 minute. 
 Place in a colander to drain and set aside. 
 Heat the  oil  over medium-high heat in a large, heavy casserole. 
 Add the  chicken  pieces, a few at a time, turning them to brown evenly on all sides. 
 Remove the  chicken  pieces to a heated platter and drain off all but 2 tablespoons of  oil . 
 Add the  onions  to the casserole and saute until light golden, about 10 minutes. 
 Stir in the  turmeric ,  cinnamon , and  salt  and  pepper , then return the  chicken  to the casserole. 
 Add 4 cups of the  water  and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until the  chicken  is almost tender, about 30 minutes. 
 Turn the heat up to high and let the liquid boil, uncovered, for 1 minute. 
 Stir in 4 tablespoons of the  butter  and the  rice , reduce the heat to low, and simmer, covered, until the  rice  is tender and all the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, make the syrup. 
 Combine the  sugar  and the remaining ¾ cup  water  in a small saucepan. 
 Bring to a boil, stirring, then reduce the heat to low and cook until the  sugar  is completely dissolved, about 5 minutes. 
 Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of  butter  in a medium-size skillet over medium low heat. 
 Add the  nuts  and the  orange  zest and stir for 4 to 5 minutes. 
 Add the syrup and cook until the syrup is somewhat reduced, about 10 minutes. 
 To serve, spoon the  rice  and the  chicken  onto a decorative serving platter and mix with two-thirds of the nut mixture. 
 Scatter the rest of the mixture over the pilaf. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Kyrgyz Meat Dishes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Pilaf Recipes, Pistachio Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category