Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Carne_de_Vaca_Frita_con_Cebolla

Description : 
 Fried club steak fillet with onions
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs of  club steak 
 6  onions  peeled and sliced thinly 
 6 to 8 tablespoons of  adobo  seasoning 
 ¼ teaspoon of  oregano 
 2 to 3 tablespoons of  vinegar 
 ¼ cup 2 tablespoons of  olive oil 
 ¼ cup of  beef broth  or  white cooking wine  (dry) 
 1 teaspoon of  salt  ( optional because you should have enough  salt  in the adobo mixture) 
 Directions : 
 Wash meat under cold running  water  and pat dry with a paper towel. 
 Separate steaks and place on a chopping board between two pieces of wax paper. 
 Beat the steaks with a mallet or the side of a rolling pin to flatten and tenderize. 
 When they have been tenderized rub them on all sides with adobo and then place in a large bowl or deep dish. 
 Once you have seasoned all the steaks add  vinegar ,  oregano , and 2 tablespoons of  olive oil  and combine thoroughly. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and place in refrigerator at least 4 hours or over night so that the meat will absorb the seasoning. 
 Place frying pan on high heat and add ¼ cup of  olive oil . 
 Place steaks in pan and brown on both sides (cook according to your taste rare, medium or well). 
 Place the cooked stakes in a warm oven until you have completed with all the stakes. 
 Remove all  oil  from pan and set aside. 
 De glaze pan with  beef broth  or wine scraping pan to pick up the  beef  drippings and reduce by half. 
 Remove and save. 
 Wash pan in hot  water  only do not use soap just a hard brush or a soap less pad and rinse. 
 Place pan back on the range and add about 4 to 5 tablespoons of the  oil  you set aside. 
 Raise burner to medium heat and add  onions  sauté but do not over cook, done add the liquid you set aside from de glazing the pan and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. 
 Pour this mixture over your steaks. 
 This goes well with any  white rice  and beans dish or in a sandwich and a salad on the side. 
 Try it with French fries or  tostones . 
 
 
 
Categories: Onion Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Recipes that need photos, White wine Recipes, Add category