Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lucknowi_Koftas


 
 Description : 
 Ethnicity - Awadhi, North Indian 
 Type of meal - Party, Lunch, Dinner 
 Ingredients : 
 Koftas : 
 250 g  potatoes , boiled, peeled and mashed 
 1 cup  spinach  (palak), washed and chopped 
 ½ cup  methi  ( fenugreek ), washed and chopped 
 ½ cup  coriander , washed and chopped 
 salt  to taste 
 juice of 1  lime 
 ½ cup  corn flour  or besan ( gram flour ) 
 ¼ tsp red  chilli powder 
 oil  for frying 
 Gravy : 
 2 medium size  onions , finely chopped 
 1 large  tomato , puréed 
 1 cup plain non-fat  yogurt  (dahi) 
 1 cup  milk 
 ¼ cup  cream 
 ½ tsp  turmeric 
 2 tsp  coriander powder 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 salt  to taste 
 ¼ tsp  garam masala  powder 
 4 tbsp  oil 
 Spice paste : 
 12  almonds , soaked and peeled 
 3 tbsp  poppy seeds 
 3 tbsp  melon seeds 
 1 tsp each ginger- garlic  paste 
 3 – 4  green chillies 
 Directions : 
 Koftas : 
 Mix all the ingredients of koftas together and divide into equal portions and shape into long rolls, deep-fry till golden in colour. 
 Drain onto an absorbent paper and keep aside. 
 Gravy : 
 Heat  oil  in a pan and fry chopped  onions  till golden brown. 
 Spice paste : 
 Grind the spice paste ingredients to a paste. 
 Add the spice paste ingredients and stir-fry for few minutes. 
 Add  turmeric  powder, coriander powder, sugar  and  salt . 
 Stir-fry for few seconds. 
 Stir in  tomato  puree and cook on high heat, stirring continuously till  oil  begins to separate. 
 Now add  yogurt ,  milk  and  cream  and cook stirring continuously till  oil  begins to separate. 
 Add 1 cups of  water  and bring to boil. 
 Simmer and cook for 5 – 10 minutes or until desired consistency. 
 Just before eating, place the fried koftas in a serving dish and pour the hot gravy over and serve immediately garnished with  garam masala  powder and chopped coriander. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Awadhi Vegetarian, Chickpea flour Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Lime Recipes, Melon seed Recipes, Poppy seed Recipes, Potato Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Add category