Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Panko_and_Chile-dusted_Catfish_with_Tomato_Chutney_and_Lemon_Sauce


 
 Description : 
 A  catfish  recipe. Serves 6.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets (about 1 inch thick) 
 1 cup  panko  (Japanese breadcrumbs) 
 1 tablespoon  chile powder  (good quality) 
 salt  and  pepper 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 Lemon sauce : 
 2 cups  white wine 
 1 sprig  thyme 
 1  shallot , finely minced 
 zest of two  lemons 
 juice of two  lemons 
 2 cups  fish stock   or   clam juice 
 1 tablespoon  cream 
 ¼ pound  butter 
 salt  to taste 
 Spicy tomato chutney : 
 ½ cup  corn oil 
 4 tablespoons minced  garlic 
 4  yellow onions , finely minced 
 4 tablespoons minced  ginger 
 6  jalapeños , minced 
 1 tablespoon ground  fenugreek seed 
 1 tablespoon  mustard seed , toasted 
 1 tablespoon  cumin 
 20  roma tomatoes , coarsely chopped 
 salt 
 3 cups packed  cilantro , cleaned and coarsely chopped 
 Directions : 
 Cut each  catfish  fillet into three pieces. 
 Mix the panko with  chile powder  and a touch of  salt  and  pepper . 
 Dredge  catfish  in panko mixture. Set aside. 
 Heat  oil  to over medium-high heat. 
 Add  catfish  and cook three minutes per side and then finish for two minutes in hot oven. 
 Pool  lemon  sauce on each plate. 
 Place  catfish  on top of sauce and spoon one tablespoon of spicy  tomato  chutney onto each portion. 
 Try serving with  grits . 
 Lemon sauce : 
 Combine wine with  thyme ,  shallot , and  lemon  zest and juice. 
 Reduce over heat by two-thirds. 
 Add  fish stock . 
 Reduce liquid mixture over heat by half. 
 Add  cream . 
 Reduce new liquid mixture over heat by half. 
 Whisk in  butter  slowly. 
 Season and place saucepan in a large, shallow pan of warm  water  to keep warm until ready to serve. 
 Spicy tomato chutney : 
 In a large pot, over medium heat, fry  garlic ,  onion ,  ginger , and jalapeños in  oil  for one minute. 
 Add spices and continue cooking for one more minute. 
 Add  tomatoes  and a dash of  salt  and bring to a boil. 
 Cook for 15 minutes or until almost reduced to a coarse paste. 
 Remove from heat and add chopped  cilantro . 
 
 
 
Categories: Chutney Recipes, Clam juice Recipes, Ethnic catfish Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Tomato Recipes, White wine Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Add category