Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Meshi


 
 Description : 
 Stuffed vegetables
 
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 1½ cups of  rice 
 ½ pound of  ground beef 
 2 tablespoons of  oil  (if needed) 
 1  onion , finely diced 
 1 clove of  garlic , smashed 
 1  tomato , chopped 
 ¼ cup fresh  parsley ,  cilantro , or coriander, chopped 
 1 Maggi bouillon cube ( beef  or vegetable) 
 1 teaspoon each:  ground turmeric ,  cumin ,  salt 
 ½ teaspoon each:  cardamom ,  black pepper ,  cayenne  (red) pepper 
 2 tablespoons of  lemon juice 
 Vegetables : 
 bell peppers 
 onions 
 grape leaves 
 green cabbage 
 eggplant 
 Directions : 
 Filling : 
 Rinse the  rice . 
 Soak it in  water  for at least two hours. 
 In a skillet, brown the  ground beef  with the  onions  and  garlic  in the 2 tablespoons of  oil  (if needed), smashing the meat into small pieces with a spoon as it is cooking. 
 Add the  tomato  and spices. 
 Cook while stirring until the  tomatoes  are tender. 
 Drain the  rice . 
 Mix the meat with the  rice . 
 Add the  lemon juice . 
 Stuffed bell peppers : 
 Wash and prepare the  peppers . 
 For small  peppers , cut off the tops, and remove the seeds. 
 For large  peppers , slice in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. 
 Fill with the  rice  stuffing, but do not fill to the top as the  rice  will expand as it cooks. 
 Place in a steamer or large metal strainer. 
 Place over boiling  water  and cover with aluminum foil to steam. 
 Let cook for about 40 minutes. 
 They are finished when the  rice  is soft and cooked. 
 Stuffed onions : 
 Remove the dry outer layers of  onion . 
 For small  onions , cut the tops and with a spoon scoop out the inner layers of  onion  to make a shell 2 layers of  onion  thick. 
 For larger  onions , cut in half. 
 With a spoon remove the inner layers to make each half into a shell 2 layers of  onion  thick. 
 Fill with stuffing and steam as above. 
 Stuffed grape leaves : 
 Lay out one  grape leaf , vein side up. 
 Place a tablespoon of filling in the middle, near the bottom. 
 Roll up the bottom, just to cover the  rice  filling. 
 Then fold the sides to the middle to fully enclose the stuffing and finally finish by rolling up to the top of the leaf. 
 It should come out in a finger-like shape. 
 Steam as above and sprinkle with plenty of  lemon juice  before serving. 
 Stuffed Zucchini : 
 To make stuffed  zucchini : wash the  zucchini . 
 For small  zucchini , cut off the top stem end. 
 With a corer (or very thin knife) remove the inner flesh to make shells. 
 For large  zucchini , cut in half. 
 Remove the inner flesh from each half to make shells. 
 Stuff with the  rice  stuffing. 
 Place  zucchini  side by side in a cake pan or casserole dish. 
 Mix 5 tablespoons of  tomato  paste with a cup of  water . 
 Add  salt  and  black pepper , to taste. 
 Pour over the  zucchini . 
 Cover with aluminum foil and bake in the oven until the  rice  is tender. 
 Stuffed eggplant : 
 Wash the  eggplant . 
 For small  eggplants , cut off the top stem end. 
 With a corer, a spoon or a knife remove the inner flesh to make shells. 
 For large  eggplants , cut in half lengthwise. 
 Remove the inner flesh from each half to make shells. 
 Stuff with the  rice  stuffing. 
 Place  eggplants  side by side in a cake pan or casserole dish, bake as instructed for stuffed  zucchini , with the  tomato sauce . 
 Stuffed cabbage rolls : 
 Steam the whole head of  cabbage  until the outer leaves are bend-able (about 4 – 5 minutes). 
 Allow to cool slightly. 
 Remove a leaf at a time. 
 With a paring knife, trim the ribs so that they are the same thickness as the rest of the leaf and can easily be bent. 
 If the leaf is large cut in half, to make two rolls. 
 Roll as instructed for  grape leaves . 
 The Omanis like these rolls small, about finger-size, so aim for that size and shape. 
 Place side by side in a cake pan. 
 Cover with the  tomato sauce  and bake, as above. 
 To serve : 
 Arrange stuffed vegetables on a plate and sprinkle with more  lemon juice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Omani Appetizers, Omani Meat Dishes, Ground beef Recipes, Green cabbage Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Grape leaf Recipes, Ground turmeric Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category