Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boko_Boko_Harees

Description : 
 Wheat paste food
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 teacups of  whole  or  half ground wheat 
 3  chicken breasts 
 3 pairs of chicken  gizzards 
 2  onions  1 big (grated/cut into tiny pieces) and one small (sliced and shredded) 
 3 tablespoons  turmeric  paste/puree 
 5 tablespoons  sugar 
 5 cups  water 
 6 heaped teaspoons of  ghee 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 Directions : 
 Soak  wheat  and leave  wheat  in  water  for 3 hours. 
 Boil  wheat ,  chicken  breast and big (grated)  onion  in 3 cups of  water . 
 Add 1 tea spoon of  salt  and keep cooking on low fire. 
 On another side of the cooker make sweet  turmeric  sauce. 
 Cut  chicken  gizzards into small pieces and boil with 3 spoons of  turmeric  paste/puree in ½ cup of  water , add a pinch of  salt  and 3 table spoons of  sugar . 
 Leave the sauce to cool. 
 Once  wheat  is thoroughly cooked, take out the  chicken  breast, they should also be well cooked by now to the point that they almost start to shred when you just touch them. 
 Cut  chicken  breast into small pieces and shred well. 
 Put the  chicken  back into the bowl of  wheat  and start to stir. 
 By now the  wheat  you are cooking should have started turning into a thick paste. 
 Add 2 to 3 spoons of  ghee  and keep stirring until the shredded  chicken  is evenly distributed. 
 The heaviness or thickness of  wheat  paste should almost feel like dough when kneaded and ready for baking. 
 If the paste is too hard add a little  water . 
 Once ready, take off from fire and cover the  wheat  paste. 
 On one side of cooker, take a small frying pen and fry the small (shredded)  onion  in 3 to 4 spoons of  ghee . 
 Keep stirring until  onions  turn red and crispy. 
 Serving: the  turmeric  sauce with pieces of  chicken  gizzards is served in one small bowl. 
 Deep fried  onions  with all the  ghee  are also poured into another bowl and put on the table (allow a few minutes to cool but not solidify) boko boko is served while still warm (not hot, you could end up badly burnt). 
 One may choose to either eat it with the fried  onions  (where by one also adds the  ghee  that is with the  onions ) or one may choose to eat boko boko with the  turmeric  sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Burundian Meat Dishes, Turmeric Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Wheat berry Recipes, Bulgur Recipes, Onion Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category