Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Georgian_Cheese_Bread

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Cheese filling 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Cheese filling 
 3.2   Yeast 
 3.3   Bread 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Makes 12 to 16 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pkg  dry yeast 
 1 tablespoon + ½ teaspoon  sugar 
 1¼ cups lukewarm  milk 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 ½ cup  butter , softened 
 4½ cups  flour 
 1 tablespoon  sugar 
 salt 
 Cheese filling : 
 1 pound  muenster  cheese, shredded 
 2 tablespoons  butter , softened 
 1  egg , beaten 
 Directions : 
 Cheese filling : 
 Combine cheese, butter and egg in large mixing bowl. 
 Knead vigorously until texture is uniform. 
 Shape into thick round cake 8 to 7½ inches in diameter. 
 Yeast : 
 Sprinkle  yeast  and ½ teaspoon  sugar  over  milk  in small shallow bowl. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and place in warm place until  yeast  blooms and mixture nearly doubles in volume, 5 to 10 minutes. 
 Bread : 
 Combine 4½ cups flour, 1 tablespoon sugar and salt in large mixing bowl. 
 Make well in flour mixture and add milk-yeast mixture and softened butter. 
 Beat vigorously with large spoon until smooth. 
 Form into ball and place on lightly floured surface. 
 Knead hard 10 minutes, adding more flour or water as needed to create medium stiff dough. 
 When dough is smooth and elastic, place in large, lightly buttered bowl. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and kitchen towel and let rise in warm, draft-free place, such as unlit oven with pilot light on, until doubled in bulk and dough springs back slowly when gently poked with finger, 45 minutes to 1 hour. 
 Punch dough down and let rise until again doubled, 30 to 40 minutes. 
 Punch dough down and roll out on lightly floured surface into circle about 22 inches in diameter. 
 If rolling surface is too small, divide dough in half and roll into 2 half-circles 22x11 inches. 
 Roll dough up on rolling pin and unroll carefully over buttered 9-inch cake or spring-form pan or spring-form so that it is centered, with edges overlapping more or less evenly on all sides. 
 If using 2 half-circles of dough, form 1-inch seam to make whole circle and moisten thoroughly to seal. 
 Carefully press center of dough down to bottom of pan. 
 Place cheese filling on dough and bring up edges of dough over filling, forming thick, fabric-like folds. 
 Moisten edges at top and seal. 
 Let stand 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Bake at 375°F in center of oven, with foil underneath in case filling leaks, until golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour. 
 Cool 1 to 2 hours before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Georgian Snacks, Georgian Appetizers, Bread Recipes, Muenster Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Egg Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category