Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Improved_Yam-in-Gravy

Description : 
 This is (roughly) a Tamil recipe from a cookbook that I bought in Bangalore, called  "A Cook's Tour of South India" . I doubt it's available here. Fat-free-ized only by the deletion of ¼ cup of  oil . 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups of small  red lentils 
 about 5 cups  water 
 2 tsp [[black mustard seeds] 
 5 medium to large  yams , peeled and cut into 1" cubes 
 enough  water  to cover the  yams  by about ½" 
 1 tsp  turmeric 
 2 tsp  tamarind  concentrate, blended with  water  so it dissolves easily in the pot (ever bite a lump of  tamarind  concentrate?) 
 1 tsp (or more) compounded  asafoetida 
 1 tsp (optional) finely ground dried  coconut 
 ½ cup  rice milk 
 ½ cup fresh  cilantro 
 a handful of fresh or dried  curry leaves 
 salt  to taste 
 fresh  chile paste  to taste 
 2 tbsp – ¼ cup  chickpea  (gram or besan)  flour  mixed with  water 
 Directions : 
 Simmer the  lentils  in the  water  while you are doing everything else. 
 In a separate, large pot, dry pop (like making  popcorn , over medium heat) the  black mustard seeds 
 Add to the pot the  yams , enough  water  to cover them,  turmeric ,  tamarind  concentrate, blended with  water  so it dissolves easily in the pot,  asafoetida , dried  coconut , microwaved with ½ cup  rice milk 
 Simmer  yams  until soft but not falling apart. 
 When  lentils  are soft (takes about ½ hr if you got the right kind) drain off any  water  you can and add  lentils  to the  yam  pot. 
 Stir and cook, adding more  water  if mixture is too thick (texture of a thick soup is good, texture of  refried beans  is "too thick"). 
 Then add  cilantro ,  curry leaves ,  salt  to taste, fresh  chile paste ,  chickpea flour  mixed with  water  and gradually thinned to avoid lumps. 
 Dribble into the soup while stirring. 
 The  chickpea flour  replaces hand-ground  chickpeas  or  mung beans , which thicken the stew, making the sauce more "gravylike". Yum! 
 Also, using the red  chile paste  (a violently hot Vietnamese concoction with citric acid added to fresh ground chilies) improves the taste. Yum. 
 
 
 
Categories: Asafetida Recipes, Better Digestion Recipes, Black mustard seed Recipes, Chickpea flour Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Curry Recipes, Curry leaf Recipes, Mung bean Recipes, Red lentil Recipes, Rice milk Recipes, Add category