Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Catfish_la_Fitte

Description : 
 A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2  eggs 
 1 cup  milk 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 1 teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 4 U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets 
 vegetable oil  for deep frying 
 3 tablespoons  butter , melted 
 12  shrimp , shelled and deveined 
 ½ teaspoon chopped  garlic 
 12 strips (3x¼ inch) of  ham 
 1 tablespoon  dry vermouth 
 ½ cup  heavy cream 
 1 tablespoon chopped  green onions 
 1 teaspoon  lemon juice 
 salt  (to taste) 
 dash of  cayenne pepper 
 parsley  sprigs and  lemon  wedges 
 Directions : 
 Beat  eggs  and  milk  in a shallow dish. Mix  flour ,  salt  and  cayenne pepper  in another shallow dish or on a piece of wax paper. Dredge  catfish  fillets in  flour  mixture, then in  egg  mixture and again in  flour . Set aside on a wax-paper lined baking sheet. 
 Pour  oil  into a deep fryer or a large, deep skillet and heat to 360 °f on a deep-frying thermometer. Place fillets, two at a time, in hot  oil  and fry for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and flakes easily when tested with a fork. Place on paper towels to drain. 
 While  catfish  are frying prepare the sauce. Heat 1 tablespoon of the melted  butter  in a large skillet over medium heat. Add  shrimp  and sauté until light pink on both sides; do not overcook. Stir in  garlic ,  ham  strips and  vermouth . Mix in  cream , half of the  green onion ,  lemon juice ,  salt  and  cayenne pepper ; cook for 1 to 2 minutes to reduce  cream . Remove from the heat and whisk in remaining 2 tablespoons melted  butter . 
 Place a  catfish  fillet on each serving plate and top with three  shrimp  pieces. Arrange  ham  strips to fill in gaps between  shrimp . Spoon sauce onto  catfish  and sprinkle with remaining  green onion . Garnish with  lemon  wedges and  parsley  sprigs and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Dry vermouth Recipes, Ham Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Southern catfish Recipes, Add category