Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Harira_Soup

Description : 
 The Harira  is the national soup of  Morocco . During 30 days of Ramadan, every house prepares this perfumed soup, impregnating the streets of its scent at the sundown.
It is eaten along with dates, or honey sweeties (Chabakkia, briouats with almonds and honey).
 The soup should be prepared in two phase: 
 
 Bouillon(Bubbling) phase: about one and a half hour of cooking. 
 Tédouira phase: one hour cooking 
 The harira should be velvety, not thick. 
 There are many varieties of this soup, but the classical one is the following. We can replace meat by the fillets of chiken. For 12 people. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Bouillon : 
 250 g of  beef   or   mutton  meat cut into little pieces 
 4 or 5 little fleshy bones 
 500 g of whole little  onions 
 a half coffee spoonful of  saffron  (half natural and half artificial) 
 1 coffee spoonful of  pepper 
 1 butter  walnut 
 250 g of  lentils 
 salt 
 one and a half litter of water for the bubbling 
 Tédouira : 
 1 bouquet of  coriander 
 1 bouquet of  parsley 
 1 kg and a half of moulded  tomatoes  or 1 box of concentrated and mixed tomatoes in 1 litre and a half of water 
 2 litres and a half of water 
 1¾ filled cup tea of  lemon juice 
 1 butter  walnut 
 200 g of  flour 
 salt 
 Directions : 
 Bouillon : 
 Cook the lentil in salted water,squeeze the juice of 1 citron. 
 Put it apart. 
 Cook the other ingredients in an under cover saucepan on a little fire *after boiling, remove the onions when they are cooked to keep them complete. 
 1 hour past, verify that meat is cooked then remove it from fire, put the lentil and the onions in the same container. 
 Tédouira : 
 Boil water with the moulded or concentrated tomatoes,add butter, then boil for quarter an hour, add the bubbling juice over the meat, lentil, onions,etc.… in the saucepan. 
 Out of fire, pour the mixed flour in 1 litre of water, while shaking it fast to avoid having clots. 
 Put it back on fire, then shake the mixture till boiling. 
 Add the parsley and coriander cut to little pieces or crushed with mortar with the necessary quantity of salt for condiment. 
 Dilute with1 liter of water, and pour into the marmite, keep shaking(we can also crush them in a mixer full of water). 
 Verify the condiment and remove it from fire when the soup is very hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Moroccan Soups, Beef Recipes, Mutton Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Add category