Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Quadruple_Chocolate_Brownies


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by: 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/4 pounds (5 sticks)  unsalted butter , softened 
 1 pound  unsweetened chocolate , chopped 
 5 1/2 cups  Sugar 
 16 large  eggs 
 2 tablespoons  pure vanilla extract 
 1 1/2 teaspoons  kosher salt 
 3 3/4 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 pound  bittersweet chocolate , chopped into 1/2-inch pieces 
 1/2 pound  white chocolate , chopped into 1/2-inch pieces 
 1/2 pound  milk chocolate , chopped into 1/2-inch pieces 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 300°. Line the bottoms of two 9-by-13-inch baking pans with parchment paper. 
 In a large saucepan, melt the  butter  with the  unsweetened chocolate  over low heat, stirring frequently, until melted. 
 In a large bowl, whisk the  Sugar  with the  eggs ,  vanilla  and  salt . Add the melted  chocolate  and whisk until smooth. 
 Add the  flour  and whisk until incorporated. Stir in 5 ounces of each of the chopped chocolates. 
 Spread the batter in the prepared pans. 
 Place the remaining chopped chocolates separately in 3 small microwave-safe bowls and melt. 
 Using a spoon, drizzle the melted chocolates over the batter. 
 Using a table knife, make swirls in the batter for a marbled effect. 
 Bake the brownies for about 35 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through, until the tops are shiny and the brownies are set. 
 Transfer the brownies to a wire rack to cool completely before cutting into squares. 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Brownie Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Bittersweet chocolate Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, White chocolate Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category