Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Orange-Ginger_Cookies

Description : 
 These orange-flavored ginger cookies captured third place for Janis C. Peterson of Geneva, Illinois. The rolled, cutout cookies are easy to bake, have a delicious combination of fresh tastes and are sure to bring pleasure to the recipients.
 
 Note: this recipe uses raw egg white. Cases of salmonella poisoning have been traced to raw eggs, although this is rare and usually associated with the yolks. 
 Preparation time: 30 minutes | chilling time: overnight | cooking time: 10 minutes 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  unsalted butter  or  margarine , softened 
 1¼ cups  granulated sugar 
 1  egg 
 2 tbsp  dark corn syrup 
 1½ tbsp grated  orange rind 
 1 tbsp  water 
 3¼ cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 tsp  baking soda 
 2 tsp  cinnamon 
 1 tbsp ground  ginger 
 ½ tsp ground  cloves 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 Icing : 
 1  egg white 
 1 tbsp  almond extract 
 confectioners' sugar , as needed (about 2 – 4 cups) 
 Directions : 
 Cream butter and sugar in large mixer bowl with electric mixer. 
 Beat in egg until light. 
 Stir in corn syrup, orange rind and water. 
 Mix flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and salt. 
 Stir into butter mixture to form a dough. 
 Divide dough in half. 
 Wrap in wax paper and refrigerate overnight. 
 Heat oven to 325°F . 
 Have lightly greased baking sheets ready. 
 Roll out one piece of dough at a time on a lightly floured surface or between sheets of floured wax paper to ⅛ -inch thickness. 
 Cut into shapes with cookie cutters. 
 Place on baking sheets, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. 
 Bake until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Transfer to wire racks to cool. 
 For icing, mix egg white and almond extract in small bowl until frothy. 
 Stir in confectioners' sugar until mixture is a drizzling consistency. 
 Drizzle over cookies. 
 Let stand until icing sets. 
 Store covered. 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Cookies, Cut-out cookie Recipes, Frosted cookie Recipes, Gingersnap Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Dark corn syrup Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Clove Recipes, Cinnamon Recipes, Add category