Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Berry_Brioche_with_Tahitian_Vanilla_Ice_Cream

Description : 
 Recipe by J.J. Stith chef at "Aqua", Bellagio Hotel, Las Vegas NV. Pretty tarts are made from  brioche  filled with a mixture of fresh  berries . The tarts are served with homemade Tahitian vanilla  ice cream  -- Tahitian  vanilla  is very aromatic -- but may be served with excellent-quality purchased  ice cream  to simplify the recipe. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Tahitian vanilla ice cream : 
 2 cups  milk 
 2 cups  cream 
 1⅓ cups  sugar 
 1 pinch  salt 
 3 Tahitian  vanilla beans 
 22  egg yolks 
 1 cup  half-and-half 
 Brioche : 
 1½ teaspoons  water , tepid temperature 
 ¾ ounce  active dry yeast 
 4  eggs 
 3½ cups sifted  all-purpose flour 
 ⅓ cup  sugar 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 4 ounces  unsalted butter , softened 
 Berry filling : 
 6 cups mixed  berries  ( blue ,  rasp ,  black ,  straw ) 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 3 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 1 tablespoon  lemon juice 
 1 tablespoon  vanilla extract 
 1 pinch  salt 
 2 tablespoons  turbinado sugar  (opt, for decoration) 
 Berry coulis : 
 1½ cups mixed  berries 
 ½ cup  simple syrup 
 ½ medium  lemon juice 
 Decorations : 
 1 cup  crème anglaise 
 10 sprigs  mint 
 10 pieces  sugar , spirals or zig-zags (optional) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Tahitian vanilla ice cream : 
 Combine the  milk ,  cream ,  sugar , and  salt  in a saucepan. 
 Split the  vanilla beans  and scrape the seeds into the  milk  mixture, then drop in the pods. 
 Bring to a boil, then immediately remove from heat and set aside for 2 minutes to steep. 
 Lightly whisk the  egg  yolks to break them up, then whisk in a spoonful of the hot  milk  mixture. 
 Pour the yolks into the hot  milk  mixture, whisking gently to combine. 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring gently but constantly, until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon. 
 Remove from heat and strain through a fine-meshed sieve into a bowl set in a larger bowl of  ice . 
 Let chill, stirring occasionally as the mixture cools. 
 When it is cold, stir in the half-and-half. 
 Freeze in an  ice cream  maker according to manufacturer's directions. 
 Pack into airtight freezer containers and freeze until ready to use. 
 Brioche : 
 Oil a large mixing bowl and set aside. 
 Whisk the  water ,  yeast , and  eggs  together. 
 In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the  flour ,  sugar , and  salt  with the paddle attachment on low speed. 
 Slowly add the  egg  mixture. 
 Mix until the dough forms a ball. 
 Add the  butter , a few small pieces at a time, until the  butter  is incorporated. 
 Mix on medium speed for 4 minutes. 
 Put the dough in the oiled bowl; the mixture will be soft. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and place a towel on top. 
 Refrigerate overnight. 
 Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper. 
 Divide the cold dough into 10 portions, roll into balls, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. 
 Flour a work surface and roll out each ball of dough into a 6-inch circle. 
 Brush off any excess  flour . 
 Refrigerate again. 
 Place the circles on a work surface. 
 Pinch the edge with your thumb and forefinger and twist slightly, turning up a collar all around each circle. 
 Prick the bottoms with a fork and place on the prepared sheet pans. 
 Brush the edges of the  brioche  with cool  water  and sprinkle with  turbinado sugar . 
 To finish : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C). 
 Gently toss the filling ingredients together. 
 Mound into the prepared  brioche  tart shells; the filling will cook down. 
 Bake 12 to 15 minutes, until the filling bubbles and the edges are golden brown. 
 Remove and keep warm. 
 Berry coulis : 
 Purée the ingredients in a food processor or blender and strain through a fine-meshed sieve. Put in a squeeze bottle. 
 To serve: place a  brioche  tart on each dessert plate. 
 Dust with  confectioner's sugar . 
 Spoon berry coulis over the plates. 
 Place drops of crème anglaise in the coulis and pull through with a toothpick of the tip of a sharp knife to form a design. 
 Top each with a scoop of Tahitian vanilla ice cream and garnish with a sprig of  mint  and (optional)  sugar  spiral. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Desserts, Blueberry Recipes, Blackberry Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Brioche Recipes, Mint Recipes, Simple syrup Recipes, Turbinado sugar Recipes, Ice cream Recipes, Add category