Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sesame_Seed_Balls


 
 Ingredients : 
 6 cups  oil  for deep-frying, or as needed 
 ½ cup white  sesame seeds , or as needed 
 ¾ cup  brown sugar 
 1 - 1⅓ cups boiling  water 
 3 cups (about 400 grams)  glutinous rice flour 
 1 cup (about 200 grams)  red bean paste  (may not all be used) 
 Directions : 
 In a wok or deep-sided, heavy saucepan, pre-heat the  oil  for deep-frying to 350 degrees f. 
 Make sure that there is at least 3 inches of  oil  in the wok. 
 Spread the  sesame seeds  over a piece of wax or parchment paper. 
 Place a small bowl of  water  beside the  sesame seeds . 
 Dissolve the  brown sugar  in 1 cup of the boiling  water . 
 Place the  rice flour  in a large bowl. 
 Make a "well" in the middle of the bowl and add the dissolved  sugar  and  water  mixture. 
 Stir until you have a sticky, caramel-colored dough, adding as much of the remaining ⅓ cup of boiling  water  as needed (don't add the  water  if not needed). 
 Pinch off a piece of dough roughly the size of an average golf ball (about 1 tablespoon). 
 Push your thumb into the dough to make an indentation. 
 Roll 1 level teaspoon of sweet red  bean paste  into a ball. 
 Place the  red bean paste  in the hole, and shape the dough over the top to seal. 
 Make sure the  red bean paste  is completely covered. 
 Continue with the remainder of the dough. 
 Dip a ball into the small bowl of  water  (this will help the  sesame seeds  stick to the ball). 
 Roll the ball over the  sesame seeds . 
 Repeat the process with the remainder of the balls. 
 Deep-fry the  sesame seed  balls, a few at a time, in the hot  oil . 
 Once the  sesame seeds  turn light brown (about 2 minutes), use the back of a spatula or a large ladle to gently press the balls against the side of the wok or saucepan. 
 Continue applying pressure as the balls turn golden brown and expand to approximately 3 times their normal size. 
 Drain the deep-fried  sesame seed  balls on paper towels. 
 Serve warm. 
 If preparing ahead, refrigerate and then re-heat the balls until they puff up again. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Snacks, Sweet rice flour Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Rice flour Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category