Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/African_Fruit_Salad

Description : 
 This salad or comparable greens and fruit combinations are served in all parts of Africa. The salad is ideal for a group of women on any occasion and men also appreciate it on a hot day. It is especially appropriate for a weekend or outdoor luncheon.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 quarts raw  spinach 
 2 quarts  romaine lettuce 
 1 quart  chicory 
 1 quart  lettuce 
 fresh   pineapple  cut in fingers, about 3 per bowl 
 fresh   mango  in strips, about 2-3 per bowl 
 avocado , dipped in  lemon juice  and cut in strips 
 fresh   coconut , cut in thin slices 
 oranges  (California type), thinly sliced with skins left on 
 bananas , cut in chunks 
 mayonnaise 
 chopped  peanuts  (or  coconut ) 
 1 pint-basket  strawberries  or any  berries  in season. 
 Lime Dressing : 
 4  limes 
 1 quart  mayonnaise . 
 1 cup  whipped cream 
 2 Tbs.  sugar 
 few drops  green vegetable coloring 
 Directions : 
 In a 2-gallon bowl: stem, wash, and tear into medium-sized pieces: raw  spinach , romaine,  chicory  and  lettuce . 
 Fill the bowls with the mixture of greens. 
 Use any fresh fruits,  coconut , and chopped  peanuts  in combinations like this:.
 Fresh  pineapple  cut in fingers, about 3 per bowl. 
 Fresh  mango  in strips, about 2-3 per bowl. 
 Avocado , dipped in  lemon juice  and cut in strips. 
 Fresh  coconut , cut in thin slices. 
 Oranges  (California type), thinly sliced with skins left on. 
 Bananas , cut in chunks, thinly coated with  mayonnaise  and dipped in chopped  peanuts  (or  coconut ). 
 And 1 pint-basket  strawberries  or any  berries  in season. 
 Arrange the fruits attractively in the individual salad bowls or in one large bowl. 
 Serve with  lime  dressing 
 Lime Dressing : 
 Grate  limes , and add grated rinds with their juice to 1 quart  mayonnaise . 
 Fold in  whipped cream  sweetened with 2 tbsp  sugar  and a few drops green vegetable coloring. 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Banana Recipes, Berry Recipes, Berry Desserts, Chicory Recipes, Chicory Salad Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Lime Recipes, Mango Recipes, Add category