Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/English_Trifle_I

This has been a family favorite for Christmas since my childhood. 
 This was the last posting from Jean Thombs to Elizabeth Rodier dated august 26, 199? 
 She died of diabetes complications aug 28. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 angel food cake - fresh baked or purchased 
 1 jar low calories  raspberry  jam 
 1 pack  Sugar  free  raspberry  jello -- (6-serving size) 
 1 large pkg instant  vanilla  pudding -- (sugar-free) 
 1/2 cup -to 1 cup dry  sherry  (not cooking variety) 
 1 -or- 3  maraschino cherry  w/ stems 
 3 fresh  mint  leaves -or- similar garnish 
 cool-whip lite. 
 Directions : 
 Have you got a recipe for low calories English trifle? 
 Just in case (takes up to two days to prepare properly) break angel cake in medium size pieces, spread each with small amount of  raspberry  jam, arrange in straight sided glass bowl. 
 Pour over the  sherry  and weight down lightly with saucer and cover with plastic wrap, set aside for a few hours. After  sherry  has been absorbed, mix jello according to directions, do not use  ice . 
 Pour over cake and  sherry  in the bowl. 
 Cover and place in refrigerator for several hours or overnight until jello is set. 
 Before serving, prepare  vanilla  pudding mix and pour over top of jello, using a knife to slide down sides of bowl to allow some of the pudding to go down sides. 
 Cover and chill again. Garnish with  cherries  and  mint , or use some of the candied holiday fruits to decorate top of bowl. 
 When serving, be sure to slide spoon to the bottom of the bowl for each serving, not only for the colors of the different layers, but to be sure each serving gets the flavor of the  sherry . 
 Top with a small dollop of  Cool Whip  lite. 
 If you"re not watching  Sugar  content or calories, the same recipe can be made with regular jam, regular jello and regular pudding mix. 
 Looks best in a straight sided glass bowl. 
 
 
 
Categories: Raspberry Recipes, Mint Recipes, Maraschino cherry Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Trifle Recipes, Add category