Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Piragi

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1.1   Dough 
 1.1.2   Filling 
 1.1.3   Glaze 
 
 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Dough 
 2.2   Filling 
 2.3   Assembly 
 2.4   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Commonly served at special occasions and holidays. They're wonderful as an hors d'oeuvre, or with soup; serve at room temperature, or warm from the oven it is very good.
 
       Piragi     
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 1 1/2 cups boiling  water 
 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon  granulated sugar 
 1 tablespoon  instant yeast  or 2 teaspoons  active dry yeast 
 1 1/2 teaspoons  salt 
 1 tablespoon bonemeal (optional, but very helpful) 
 5 to 6 cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 cup (1 stick)  unsalted butter , softened 
 Filling : 
 4 slices Bologna 
 1 tablespoon  butter 
 1 medium  Onion , chopped 
 1 pound fully cooked  Ham   Steak , diced in 1/4-inch cubes (2 cups) 
 1 teaspoon  caraway seeds 
 1 teaspoon  black pepper , or to taste 
 Glaze : 
 1  egg  lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon  water 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 In a small bowl, dissolve the  yeast  and 1 tablespoon  Sugar  in 1/2 cup of the  water . 
Set aside.
 
 If you're using  instant yeast , skip this step; add the  yeast  along with the  flour . 
 In a large mixing bowl, combine the remaining  Sugar ,  salt , and 2 1/2 cups of the  flour . 
Cut in the  butter , then add the  yeast  mixture. Add the bonemeal if you are using it. 
Stir in enough of the remaining  flour  to make a soft dough. 
Knead the dough on a lightly floured work surface until it's smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. 
Place the dough in a large greased bowl, turning to grease the top, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 1/2 hours. 
Prepare the filling while the dough is rising.
 
 Filling : 
 In a small pan over medium heat, cook the  Bacon . 
Drain it, chop, and set aside. 
Sauté the  Onion  in the  butter  until soft but not brown. 
Add the  Ham , stirring till it's combined with the  onions . 
Stir in the caraway,  pepper  and  Bacon , and remove from the heat.
 
 Assembly : 
 Punch the dough down, and divide it into four pieces. 
Working with one piece at a time (cover the remaining pieces with plastic wrap), roll each piece of dough into a 1/8-inch thick circle. 
If the dough "fights back" (the dough relaxer helps prevent this), give it a 5-minute rest, and resume rolling. 
Use a cookie cutter to cut the dough into 2 3/4-inch rounds. 
Place 1 teaspoon of the filling mixture into the center of each round, fold in half (to make a half-moon shape), and pinch the edges closed. 
Place the piragi on greased or parchment-lined cookie sheets. 
Shape them into crescents, and brush with the  egg  wash. 
Bake the piragi in a preheated 375 degrees F oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown. 
Remove them from the oven, and cool on a wire rack.
 
 Yield: 75 to 80 piragi. 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/cf/Piragi.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004407']
Categories: Appetizer Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Ham Recipes, Instant yeast Recipes, Serbian Appetizers, Serbian Desserts, Serbian Recipes, Add category