Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gorkhali_Shrim


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1.5 lbs. Medium-size shrimps, peeled and deveined 
 Bamboo skewers (pre-soaked in cold  water  for at least 30 minutes) 
 3 dry whole  red peppers 
 1 teaspoon  garlic , minced 
 1 teaspoon  ginger , finely grated 
 2 red chilies, julienned 
 1 cup  onions , finely chopped 
 1 cup  tomatoes , chopped 
 2 cups red  bell pepper , cut in 1-in strips 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  powder 
 1 teaspoon coriander powder 
 1/2 teaspoon  turmeric 
 1/2 cup  green onion , cut in 1-in length 
 salt  to taste 
 2 tablespoons musturd  oil 
 1 cup  Shrimp  broth 
 1 cup  yogurt  Marinade: 
 1 cup  yogurt 
 3 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 1/2 cup  onions , roughly chopped 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 1 teaspoon  pepper   corn 
 1 teaspoon timur (szechwan  pepper ) 
 2 fresh red chilies 
 2 tablespoons musturd  oil 
 salt 
 
 
 Directions : 
 In a blender, combine all the marinating ingredients to form smooth paste. Pour the marinating paste over the  Shrimp  in a large bowl. Mix well, cover, and let marinate for at least four hours. Thread shrimps into the skewers. Grill the skewered  Shrimp  on a charcoal grill, occasionally turning until cooked through, about five minutes 
 In a sauce pan, heat two tablespoons of musturd  oil . Fry dry whole  red peppers  till dark. Add  turmeric  and stir for 15 sec. Add  onions , saute on medium heat till brown. Add  garlic ,  ginger , red chilies,  cumin , coriander,  black pepper , and  salt  to the  Onion  mixture. Fry for 30 sec, and add  tomatoes ,  Shrimp  broth, and  yogurt . Lower the heat and let the tomato- Onion  mixture simmer for 10 minutes till it thickens. Transfer the grilled shrimps and red  bell pepper  strips to the sauce; stir well. Cook for another five minutes to evaporate excess liquid so that the shrimps are coated with the sauce. Adjust seasoning with  salt  and  pepper . Garnish with  green onions . Serve with  rice , or roti. 
 
 
 
Categories: Corn Recipes, Nepali Meat Dishes, Nepali Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Turmeric Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category