Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Avocado_Season

Contents 
 
 1   History / Geography 
 2   Season 
 3   How to Select 
 4   Storage 
 5   Nutritional Qualities 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Wine Pairings 
 8   Spices 
 9   Equivalencies 
 10   Serving Size 
 11   Preparation 
 12   Additional Information 
 13   Recipes 
 14   About the author 
 
 
 History / Geography : 
 The avocado originates from Central America, but is now grown in tropical and sub-tropical climates around the world. 
Varieties The two main kind of avocados found in the USA are: Haas, which are black and with bumpy skin currently being grown in California; and Fuerte, a thin, smooth skinned variety grown in Florida. 
 
 Season : 
 Spring
 
 How to Select : 
 You will want to select an avocado that yields to gentle pressure, yet is firm. It should be unblemished and heavy for its size. Another test for ripeness is to take off the stem. If it is green underneath, the avocado is ripe. If it is brown underneath, it is not ripe. 
 The avocado is a fruit that has a mild hazelnut flavor and a buttery texture. It can be round to pear-shaped, thick to thin-skinned, green to purplish-black, and smooth skinned to bumpy skinned. The flesh is a very pale green color. 
 
 Storage : 
 A ripe avocado can be stored in the refrigerator for a week. 
 
 Nutritional Qualities : 
 Vitamin C, thiamine, riboflavin. 
 
 Trivia : 
 The avocado gets its name from ahuacatl, a Nahuatl word for "testicle." 
 
 Wine Pairings : 
 Chardonnay 
 
 Spices : 
 Cayenne ,  chili powder ,  chives ,  cilantro ,  ginger ,  paprika . 
 
 Equivalencies : 
 1 lb. fresh avocado = 2½ cup chopped = 1½ cups pureed 
 
 Serving Size : 
 ½ avocado per person 
 
 Preparation : 
 A unripened avocado is easy to ripen at home, not to mention, avocados ripen better after they are picked! Just place an avocado in a brown paper bag at room temperature, and three days later, you will have a ripe avocado. 
 When cutting an avocado, remember that there is a huge pit in the center. When you have halved the avocado, hit the pit with the blade of your knife and twist. The pit should be able to be removed without damaging the flesh. Remember, once the flesh is cut, it will discolor rapidly, so always add cut avocado immediately before serving, or add lemon juice or lime juice to it to prevent discoloration. 
 
 Additional Information : 
 Web Sites:  http://www.avocado.org 
 
 Recipes : 
 Avocado-stuffed Tomatoes 
 Chilled Avocado Soup 
 Feroce d'Avocat 
 About the author : 
 Jennifer Wickes may be contacted at  http://home.comcast.net/~culinaryjen/Home.html  CulinaryJen@comcast.net
 Jennifer A. Wickes is a freelance food writer, researcher and cookbook reviewer. She has written several eBooks, and has had several articles and recipes in printed publications. She is working on her first cookbook.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado, Articles, Add category