Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Luxembourgish_Cuisine


 Browse All Luxembourgish Recipes : 
 Luxembourgish Appetizers  |  Luxembourgish Soups  |  Luxembourgish Salads  |  Luxembourgish Vegetarian  |  Luxembourgish Meat Dishes  |  Luxembourgish Snacks  |  Luxembourgish Desserts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This article is a stub! This article doesn't contain enough information. If you know anything about Luxembourgish Cuisine,  please add to this article! 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Luxembourg- Cooking and Food 
 2   Overview of Luxembourgish Cuisine History 
 3   Cuisines of Luxembourg 
 4   Preparation Methods for Luxembourgish Cooking 
 5   Special Equipment for Luxembourgish Cooking 
 6   Luxembourgish Food Traditions and Festivals 
 7   People in Luxembourgish Food 
 
 
 Luxembourg- Cooking and Food : 
 Overview of Luxembourgish Cuisine History : 
 Luxembourg is a small European country situated between France and Germany. Luxembourg cuisine was influenced by the cuisine of nearby France and Germany for many years. Recently it has been stimulated by the cuisine of its many Italian and Portuguese immigrants. Luxembourg generally implements the best from each culture. Luxembourg cuisine is renowned all over Europe due to its mouthwatering hams and cheeses. Luxembourg's cuisine includes plenty of  Pork , fish and game - but also features some heavy German influence in local specialties like liver dumplings with  sauerkraut . As for meat people from Luxembourg prefer  Pork  meat and  Pork  products such as smoked  Bacon  or  Ham  and schnitzels. There are numerous Luxembourg recipes adapted after French cuisine which require special ingredients such as  cinnamon ,  vanilla ,  tomatoes , green beans, béchamel and velout. There is a wide variety of fruits and vegetables used in Luxembourg cuisine like  tomatoes , potatoes, onions,  garlic , olives, pears, apples and you can find as well various recipes for omelets.:)
 
 Cuisines of Luxembourg : 
 In Luxembourgish cuisine can be found a large diversity of cheese dishes and the main ingredients of a local dish are cheese, meat and vegetables. Because French influences were very well adapted in Luxembourg cuisine cheese continued to be an important ingredient mostly if it’s cooked after local recipes as Saukerkas, a local cheese. The main Luxembourg dishes include rout,  Crayfish ,  Pike  and game and we will also find absolutely delicious smoked  Pork  with broad beans and Ardennes  Ham . Also schnitzels, smoked  Pork  and  sauerkraut  stews; cheese, meat, vegetable fondues, like  asparagus  one of the most popular vegetable, and a large quantity of delicious deserts such as fruit-filled pancakes, rich pastries and cakes are some of the delicious Liechtenstein recipes which make its cuisine very interesting and very tasty. Even though there are many recipes adapted after main central European cuisine, Luxembourg cuisine is seems to be original and mouth watering.
 
 Preparation Methods for Luxembourgish Cooking : 
 Luxembourg cuisine uses elements from various cooking traditions borrowed from their neighbors and developed from their own traditional dishes. While there are no specific or unique preparation methods for Luxembourg cooking, we should point out that attention to detail is important in the Luxembourg cuisine. Using the right amount of spices for example is essential – either for spicing up the taste or for coloring the dish. The diversity of vegetables and  cereals  found in Luxembourg is also noticed in the delicious dishes belonging to their cuisine. The visual attractiveness of the dish is also important, and a balance between colors and proportion differentiates. Each traditional dish has a special cooking method, which is more or less general in all of Luxembourg ’s regions. Meat is one of the main elements of most Luxembourg dishes and cured and smoked hams are often parts of delicious dishes.
 
 Special Equipment for Luxembourgish Cooking : 
 Ranging from cake pans, can openers, colanders,  egg  rings, poachers and holders, food dishers and portioners, food pans and food containers to other kitchen utensils, such as food scales, food scoops and fryer baskets and accessories, the Luxembourg cuisine needs a diverse cooking equipment set in order to produce the most sophisticate Luxembourg dishes. You should consider insulated food carriers if you are transporting the food and a full set of kitchen linens and uniforms if you wish to look like a pro. Here are a few other items that will come handy while cooking Luxembourg food: juicers, kitchen knives, kitchen slicers, kitchen thermometers, measuring cups and measuring spoons, miscellaneous utensils, mixing bowls and skimmers and strainers. Essential utensils like serving spoons, spatulas, forks, turners, scrapers and tongs should also be part of your cooking "arsenal".
 
 Luxembourgish Food Traditions and Festivals : 
 There are numerous holidays and festivals held in Luxembourg. The most important national holidays include: New Year’s Day (January 1), Carnival (February 27), Easter, May Day (May 1), Ascension Day (May 25), National Day (June 23), Assumption Day (august 15th), Luxembourg City Fete (September 24), All Saints Day (November 1), Christmas Day (December 25), Saint Stephan Day (December 26). On national holidays people from Luxembourg serve traditional meals such as Meat and Wine Pie,  Ham  in Hay, cheese cake and  plum  tart.
 
 People in Luxembourgish Food : 
 Are you into Luxembourgish Cooking and would like to be interviewed? 
 There are many chefs who creatively use the basic ingredients and cooking method for traditional Luxembourg dishes and create original and delicious food variations. Luxembourg chefs are passionate about their traditional dishes and they enjoy presenting them to foreigners who have never tasted them before. Whether they are cooking dishes that go back in time for centuries or brand new, modern dishes, Luxembourg chefs take pride in what they do, and this is readily noticeable in the unforgettable taste of their cooking.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fe/Stub.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20200218045116']
Categories: Luxembourgish Cuisine, European Cuisine, Add category