Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Broccoli_with_Five-spice_Tofu

Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup dried  shiitake mushrooms  (¼ oz) 
 8 oz  extra-firm tofu 
 3 tbsp low-sodium  soy sauce 
 ¾ tsp  Chinese five-spice powder 
 1 lb  broccoli 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch 
 1¼ cups low-sodium  vegetable broth 
 2 tsp  brown sugar 
 4 tsp  vegetable oil 
 7  scallions  (white and light green parts), chopped (¼ cup) 
 4 medium cloves  garlic , minced 
 4 tsp minced fresh  ginger 
 ¾ tsp  chile paste with garlic 
 ½ tsp  anise seeds , crushed 
 1  cinnamon  stick 
 2 medium  carrots , julienned or shredded 
 Directions : 
 In small bowl, combine shiitakes and hot  water  to cover. 
 Let stand until softened, about 30 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, drain  tofu  and pat dry with paper towels. 
 Cut into ¾-inch cubes; pat dry again. 
 In medium bowl, combine  tofu , 1 tablespoon soy sauce and  five-spice powder ; toss gently to coat. 
 Cover and set aside in refrigerator. 
 Bring large saucepan of lightly salted  water  to a boil. 
 Cut  broccoli  florets into 1½-inch pieces. 
 Peel tender portion of stems and cut into ½-inch-thick slices. 
 (you should have about 4 cups total. 
 ) add  broccoli  to boiling  water  and cook just until bright green and crisp-tender, about 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain again. 
 Set aside. 
 In small bowl, mix together  cornstarch  and 1 tablespoon cold  water ; set aside. 
 Remove softened shiitakes from soaking  water . 
 Strain soaking  water  through a filter paper-lined sieve into medium bowl; stir in broth,  brown sugar  and remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce. 
 Set aside. 
 Trim and discard shiitake stems; slice caps and set aside. 
 In large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium-high heat. 
 Add  tofu  mixture and cook, shaking pan and tossing  tofu , until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Transfer to plate and set aside. 
 In same skillet, heat remaining 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium-high heat. 
 Add scallions,  garlic ,  ginger ,  chile paste ,  anise seeds  and reserved shiitakes and stir-fry until fragrant, 30 to 60 seconds. 
 Add  cinnamon  stick and reserved broth mixture; bring to a boil and cook 5 minutes. 
 Stir  cornstarch  mixture and add to skillet; cook, stirring, until liquid has thickened, about 30 seconds. 
 Add  carrots  and reserved  broccoli  and cook, stirring often, until  carrots  are tender, about 3 minutes. 
 Add reserved  tofu  and toss gently to coat. 
 Discard  cinnamon  stick and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Anise seed Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Chinese five-spice powder Recipes, Extra-firm tofu Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Add category