Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_PB_/_Jeebies

Description : 
 Makes 3 to 3½ dozen cookies and about 2½ cups of dipping sauce 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup unsweetened Dutch process  cocoa 
 1½ cup unbleached baking  flour 
 1 tbsp  baking soda 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 8 oz  semi-sweet baking chocolate  broken 
 4 oz  unsweetened baking chocolate , broken 
 1½ cup firmly packed  light brown sugar 
 ¾ cup  unsalted butter 
 3  eggs 
 1 tbsp real  vanilla 
 9 oz  semisweet chocolate  chips 
 9 oz  peanut butter chips 
 Chocolate dipping sauce : 
 1 cup  whipping cream  - not ultra-pasteurized 
 2 tbsp  unsalted butter 
 2 tbsp  granulated sugar 
 12 oz  semisweet baking chocolate  - broken 
 Directions : 
 Cookies : 
 Preheat oven to 325°F. 
 Sift together  cocoa ,  flour ,  baking soda  and  salt  onto a sheet of wax paper. Set aside. 
 Heat 1 inch of  water  in the bottom of a double boiler over medium heat. 
 Place semisweet and unsweetened  baking chocolate  in top half of the double boiler. 
 Tightly cover the top pan with plastic wrap and heat 12 to 15 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and stir  chocolate  until smooth. 
 Keep at room temperature or, melt in microwave. 
 Place  brown sugar  and  butter  in the bowl of electric mixer and beat on medium speed 1 minute. 
 Scrape down bowl and beat on high speed additional 30 seconds. 
 Scrape down bowl. 
 Add  eggs , 1 at a time, while beating on medium, stopping to scrape down bowl after incorporating each addition. 
 Add  vanilla  and beat on medium 30 seconds. 
 Add melted  baking chocolate  and beat on low 10 seconds more. 
 Scrape down bowl and beat additional 30 seconds. 
 Add  flour  mixture and beat on low until thoroughly combined, 20 to 30 seconds. 
 Remove bowl from mixer, add  chocolate chips  and  peanut butter chips ; mix thoroughly with rubber spatula. 
 Place 6 to 8 cookies per baking sheet (each cookie is approximately 2 tsp). 
 Put sheets in middle of oven. 
 Bake for 18 to 20 minutes, cool cookies on pans 5 to 6 minutes. 
 Transfer cookies to wire rack. 
 Repeat procedure until all cookies have been baked. 
 Cool cookies thoroughly before storing in sealed plastic container. 
 Chocolate dipping sauce : 
 Heat  cream ,  butter  and  sugar  in saucepan over medium-high heat. 
 When hot, stir to dissolve  sugar . 
 Bring mixture to boil. 
 Place  chocolate  in stainless steel bowl and pour boiling  cream  over  chocolate . 
 Let stand 5 minutes. 
 Stir until smooth. 
 Cool to room temperature. 
 Dip can be made 3 to 4 days ahead and refrigerated. 
 Reheat, stirring. 
 Bring to room temperature before using. 
 Put dip in a serving bowl, so guests can dip their cookies in before eating. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate chip cookie Recipes, Christmas Cookies, Cocoa Recipes, Egg Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Light brown sugar Recipes, Peanut butter chip Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category