Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Canning_Fruits

Canning Fruits
 sugar syrup 
 Light 2 cups  sugar  + 1 quart  water  = 5 cups syrup
Medium 3 cups  sugar  + 1 quart  water  = 5 1/2 cups syrup
Heavy 4 3/4 cups  sugar  + 1 quart  water  = 6 cups syrup
 Bring  sugar  and  water  to a boil. Stir until  sugar  is dissolved. Remove from 
heat and cool.
 Fruit Amount Per Quart
 Apples  2 1/2 to 3 lbs.
 apricots  1 1/2 to 2 1/2 lbs.
 Berries  1 1/2 to 2 1/2 lbs.
 cherries  2 to 3 lbs.
 peaches ,  nectarines  2 to 3 lbs.
 Pears  2 to 3 lbs.
Plums 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 lbs.
 rhubarb  1 to 2 lbs.
 tomatoes  2 1/2 to 3 1/2
 Apples 
 Make the syrup of your choice. Wash, core, peel, and slice cooking  Apples  
(you can also halve or quarter them). Place  Apples  in an ascorbic acid 
solution to prevent darkening. Drain, boil in syrup 5 minutes. Pack hot in 
hot jars, cover with boiling syrup, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Remove air 
bubbles. Adjust lids and rings. Process pints and quarts 20 minutes in 
boiling  water  bath.
 Apple  Sauce
 Wash, core, and peel cooking  Apples . Simmer in a small amount of  water  until 
tender. Press the  Apples  through a sieve or food mill. Sweeten the sauce to 
taste (or leave it unsweetened). Reheat to a boil, then pour the hot  Apple  
sauce into hot jars, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Clear out bubbles, place 
the lids and rings on the jars, and process pints and quarts for 20 minutes 
in a boiling  water  bath.
 Berries 
 Hot Pack - Use for  Berries  that hold their shape well (such as 
 blackberries ). Wash, drain, and measure firm ripe  Berries . Put into a 
saucepot and add 1/4 to 1/2 cup of  sugar  for each quart of  Berries . Let 
stand for 2 hours, then cook until the  sugar  dissolves and the  Berries  are 
heated through. Pour hot into hot jars, leaving 1/2 inch of head space. 
Remove air bubbles, place lids and rings, and process in a boiling  water  
bath for 15 minutes (for either pints or quarts).
 Raw Pack - Use this method for  Berries  that don't hold their shape well, 
such as  raspberries . Wash  Berries  in cold  water  to firm fruit ( ice   water  is 
also very good for this). Drain. Pour about 1/2 cup of boiling syrup into 
hot jars, then fill the jars with  Berries . Pack  Berries  closely without 
crushing, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Add more hot syrup if needed, then 
remove air bubbles. Adjust lids and rings, then process pints 15 minutes, 
quarts 20 minutes in boiling  water  bath.
 strawberries 
 Use firm, red, ripe  Berries . Remove the hull, wash, drain. Use 1/2 to 1/3 
cup of  sugar  per quart  Berries , and gently mix the  sugar  with the  Berries . 
Let stand 5 to 6 hours in a cool place. Heat  Berries  slowly until the  sugar  
dissolves, then pack hot into hot jars, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Remove 
bubbles, adjust caps, and process 10 minutes for pints, 15 minutes for 
quarts, in a boiling  water  bath. Please note that  strawberries  tend to lose 
color and flavor when canned.
 cherries 
 Raw Pack - For sweet ripe  cherries  use a medium to light syrup; for sour 
 cherries  use a heavy syrup. Wash, drain, and stem the  cherries . Remove all 
 cherries  that float in  water , as they may have worms. You can leave the pits 
in or take them out, depending on how you plan to use the  cherries . If you 
leave the pits in, prick each  cherry  with a sterilized needle to prevent 
bursting. Pour 1/2 cup of boiling syrup into the jar, fill with  cherries . 
Shake the jar to pack the  cherries  closely without crushing them, leaving 
1/2 inch head space. Cover with boiling syrup or boiling  water , leaving 1/2 
inch head space. Adjust caps; process pints and quarts for 25 minutes in 
boiling  water  bath.
 Hot Pack - Prepare  cherries  as for raw pack. Mix 1/2 to 2/3 cup  sugar  with a 
quart of  cherries , then heat slowly until the  sugar  is melted and the 
 cherries  are hot. Pack hot into hot jars, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Cover 
with syrup or boiling  water , leaving 1/2 inch head space. Remove air 
bubbles; adjust caps. Process pints 15 minutes and quarts 20 minutes in 
boiling  water  bath.
 peaches 
 Select firm, ripe  peaches . Put them in a wire basket or cheesecloth and dunk 
into boiling  water  for about a minute, to loosen the skins, then dunk into 
cold  water  and drain. Cut  peaches  in half, pit and peel. Drop  peaches  into 
an ascorbic and citric acid solution to prevent darkening (remember to rinse 
before packing). Pack  peaches , cavity side down, in hot jars, in overlapping 
layers, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Cover  peaches  with boiling syrup, 
leaving 1/2 inch head space. Release bubbles and add more syrup if needed. 
Adjust caps. Process pints for 25 minutes, quarts 30 minutes in boiling 
 water  bath.
 Pears 
 The best  Pears  for canning are  Bartlett pears . Choose firm ripe  Pears , not 
soft ones.
 Make a light syrup. Wash  Pears , cut into halves or quarters, core and peel, 
then drop into ascorbic/citric acid solution. Cook  Pears  5 to 6 minutes in 
hot syrup. Pack hot into hot jars, leaving 1/2 inch head space. Remove air 
bubbles; adjust caps. Process pints 20 minutes, quarts 25 minutes in boiling 
 water  bath.
 Delma 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Apricot Recipes, Bartlett pear Recipes, Berry Recipes, Blackberry Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Nectarine Recipes, Peach Recipes, Pear Recipes, Add category