Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Quick-n-Dirty_Vegetable_Sauce

Description : 
 For a couple of  zucchini  and 12 oz of  mushrooms , one standard can (16 oz?) of sauce is enough. Good veggies for this:  mushroom ,  zucchini ,  broccoli ,  spinach ,  artichoke  heart,  green bean ,  acorn squash .  Peppers  and  onions  added to the sauté overwhelm the whole dish for me, making it taste like a big  pepper  (rather than a big  tomato  which is what I want it to taste like).
 The Saturday afternoon way to get good veggies in sauce (a sauté pan, a pot, a blender, another pot for skinning  tomatoes ): if I have time I start my  tomato sauce  by simmering 3 oz of sun-dried  tomatoes  and a head or two of whole  garlic  cloves (uncut  garlic , cooked before processing, has a much milder taste than  garlic  that is cut before cooking). A handful of dried sweet  red pepper flakes  added to this is also good.
 Once everything is cooked/rehydrated, I purée it, return it to the pot, add sauteed veggies plus several large peeled/seeded/chopped  tomatoes . Also  rosemary ,  basil ,  oregano ,  thyme ,  bay leaves , etc. in random quantities, usually a couple of  bay leaves  and a couple of teaspoons of each of the dried herbs, and a big wad of fresh  basil  leaves (hydroponic  basil , found year-round in central IL grocery stores). Simmer this until it tastes done. If it's thin, add a little more  water  and it's soup, if thick, add a little  tomato paste  and it's  spaghetti sauce . I've also put  lentils  in this and called it minestrone.
 
 Ingredients : 
 garlic 
 PAM 
 sun-dried tomatoes  (optional) 
 vegetables 
 fresh  basil 
 canned  tomato sauce 
 tomato paste 
 herbs 
 Directions : 
 Grate copious amounts of  garlic  and sauté in a squirt of PAM spray until brown. 
 Sprinkle in some  rosemary  and  oregano . 
 Add veggies and some  water  and sauté. 
 Add some fresh  basil  leaves if you have them, and saute until they just wilt. 
 Add a sufficient amount of canned  tomato sauce  and a little  tomato paste  to achieve the texture you want. 
 
 
 
Categories: Sauce Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Acorn squash Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Basil Recipes, Better Digestion Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Add category