Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Louisiana_Jambalaya

Description : 
 This is as intense as it will get. This countrified, authentic jambalaya is made and packed with poultry, turkey sausage, vegetables, herbs, and spices, and is great with other main dishes. Sprinkle the chili powder generously. Trust us, you will not be deceived.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 ½ pound  chicken  tenders 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 ¾ pound smoked  turkey sausage , cut into ¼-inch slices 
 2 medium  onions , chopped, red, white, or yellow only 
 1 large  green bell pepper , chopped 
 1 cup chopped  celery 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 2 cups uncooked  rice , white only 
 2 ¼ to 2 ½ teaspoon  ground red pepper , reserving 2 teaspoons for sprinkling if desired 
 2 ½ cups  chicken broth 
 1 cup sliced  green onions 
 1 medium  tomato , chopped 
 celery leaves  for garnishing 
 3 tablespoons chili powder, optional 
 Directions : 
 Season  chicken  with the  salt  and  black pepper . 
 Heat  oil  in a large saucepan or dutch oven over high heat until hot. 
 Add  chicken , stirring until brown on all sides. 
 Add  sausage ; cook 2 to 3 minutes. Remove  chicken  and  sausage  from the saucepan; set aside. 
 Add chopped  onions ,  green pepper ,  celery  and  garlic  in the same saucepan; cook and stir over medium-high heat until crisp-tender. 
 Stir in  rice , red pepper, broth and reserved  chicken  and  sausage ; bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer 30 minutes. 
 Mix with  green onions  and  tomato . 
 Garnish with  celery leaves . Serve immediately but spoon or scoop the cooked jambalaya in a large plate, or over rice in a bowl. Sprinkle with the remaining chili powder, if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Celery Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Jambalaya Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Onion Recipes, Rice Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, North American Recipes, Poultry Recipes, World Recipes, American Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Add category