Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sedano_Ripieno-stuffed_Celery

Ingredients : 
 10  celery  (large ribs cut into 4 inch pieces) 
 ¾ cup  milk 
 2 slices  bread  (remove crust and cut into bite sized chunks) 
 4 oz  mortadella 
 4 oz  veal  (lean) 
 2 oz  prosciutto 
 2 jumbo  eggs 
 ¼ cup  parsley  (any variety desired) 
 1 tsp  garlic  (minced) 
 ¼ tsp  nutmeg 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  pepper 
 ½ cup  locatelli cheese 
 1 cup  tomato sauce  (any variety) better with homemade 
 Directions : 
 Bring a med sized pot full of  water  to a boil and set the  celery  in it. 
 Cook only until barely tender when pierced with a knife, about 7 to 10 minutes. 
 Drain and dry well. 
 Meanwhile warm the  milk  in a small saucepan, add the slices of bread, and cook at a very low simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is creamy and oatmeal-like. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Grind the mortadella,  veal  and prosciutto in a meat grinder or food processor outfitted with the steel blade. 
 In a med sized mixing bowl, beat together the  eggs ,  parsley ,  garlic ,  nutmeg ,  salt  and  pepper , and ¼ cup of the  cheese . 
 Stir in the ground meats and the  milk  mixture to make a creamy filling. 
 Preheat the oven to 400 °F. Lightly  oil  a 9 or 10" baking dish. 
 Spoon a thin layer of the  tomato  sauce over the bottom, and cover with a layer of  celery . 
 Spread the filling over the  celery , then the rest of the  tomato  sauce, and finish by sprinkling with the remaining grated Parmesan. (if you have enough for a second layer, repeat the steps but set the  celery  stalks at a 90-degree angle to the first layer, so they form a woven pattern. Cover with filling and sauce and finish with grated  Cheese .) 
 Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, until the top is dappled golden brown and is brown at the edges. Serve hot or at room temperature. Ciao 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Side Dishes, Celery Recipes, Romano Recipes, Veal Recipes, Luncheon meat Recipes, Prosciutto Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Add category