Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Blueberry-Walnut_Tea_Bread

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 This rich bread is made with authentic fruit, walnuts, and tea, baked to smooth perfection, and served with peanut butter, as it delivers a colorful aroma that relishes and provides and is great for breakfast.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 medium-sized  Granny Smith apple , peeled, cored, and sliced 
 1 tbsp.  lemon juice 
 ½ cup dried  blueberries 
 2 ¼ cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 ⅓ cup  oat bran 
 1 tsp. ground  cinnamon 
 ⅛ tsp. ground  nutmeg 
 1 ¾ tsp.  baking powder 
 1 ¾ tsp.  baking soda 
 ½ tsp.  sea salt 
 ½ cup tea, brewed, black only 
 ½ cup unsweetened  applesauce 
 1 cup evaporated  cane juice 
 1 tbsp.  egg  replacer powder 
 ¼ cup  water 
 ¾ cup enriched  soymilk  (1 percent fat) 
 ¼ tbsp.  pure vanilla extract 
 ¼ cup chopped  walnuts 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350° F. Spray 9x5-inch loaf pan with  olive oil . Place  apple  slices in a bowl, and toss with  lemon juice . 
 Add  blueberries  and set aside. Combine  flour  with  oat bran ,  cinnamon ,  nutmeg ,  baking powder ,  baking soda  and  salt  in medium bowl. Set aside. 
 Blend  applesauce  with  cane juice  in a separate bowl. Using the fork or wire whisk, stir together  egg  replacer powder with  water  in a liquid measuring cup. Add  egg  replacer powder mixture, half a cup of tea,  soymilk , and  vanilla  to  applesauce . 
 Fold dry ingredients into wet ingredients, adding apple- blueberry  mixture halfway through before ingredients are totally combined, stirring just until blended. Do not overbeat. 
 Pour batter into the prepared pan, and sprinkle with  walnuts . Bake 40 minutes, or until the tester inserted comes out clean. Remove from the oven, and cool slightly before serving. 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Applesauce Recipes, Blueberry Recipes, Golden syrup Recipes, Granny Smith apple Recipes, Oat bran Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Tea Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Fruit Recipes, World Recipes, Vegan dessert Recipes, Nut Recipes, Add category