Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cheese-stuffed_Cabbage


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb. Nepali homemade  cheese , crushed 
 ½ cup  onions , finely chopped 
 ½  green onions , finely chopped 
 1 cup cooked  rice 
 2 teaspoons  dill weed , minced 
 1 teaspoon  garlic  paste 
 1 teaspoon  ginger  paste 
 3  fresh red chilies , minced 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  powder 
 1 teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon  flour 
 1  egg 
 2 tablespoons melted  butter 
 1 head fresh  cabbage 
 salt  to taste 
 Sauce : 
 1 cup chopped  onions 
 2 cloves  garlic 
 ½ in.  ginger 
 1 cup chopped  tomatoes 
 1 teaspoon  mustard seeds 
 1 cup  yogurt 
 1 cup rich  vegetable stock 
 2 tablespoons  clarified butter  (or  margarine ) 
 1 teaspoon  chili powder 
 ½ teaspoon jwanu ( lovage  seeds) 
 2 tablespoons  green onions  for garnish. 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl combine all ingredients except  cabbage . 
 Mix well, cover, and refrigerate for at least an hour. 
 In the mean time, core the head of  cabbage , boil in salted  water  till soft. 
 Separate into leaves, and keep in ice-cold  water . 
 Remove the thick veins if necessary. 
 Spread a  cabbage  leaf on cutting board, place two tablespoons of filling, fold sides, and roll up. 
 Hold the loose end of the leaf with small bamboo sticks. 
 Repeat with other leaves. 
 Rub  butter  generously on the stuffed rolls and stack in a steamer. 
 Steam till the stuffing is cooked through, about 8-10 minutes. 
 Transfer the steamed rolls to a large plate. 
 Sauce : 
 In a non-stick sauce pan heat two tablespoons of  clarified butter , splitter  mustard seeds . 
 Add  onions  and saute till brown. 
 Add  garlic ,  ginger , and  chili powder , and fry for a minute over low heat. 
 Add  tomatoes , broth, jwanu and  salt  and  pepper . 
 Simmer the  tomato  mixture until the sauce thickens up, about 15 minutes. 
 Transfer the stuffed  cabbage  rolls to the sauce and heat through, frequently turning, about 10 minutes. 
 Garnish with chopped  green onions . 
 Serve with  roti  and  tomato  achar. 
 
 
 
Categories: Nepali Vegetarian, Cabbage Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Rice Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Dill leaf Recipes, Lovage Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category