Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/All-day-long_Crockpot_Beef

Contributed by Linda in Tennessee at  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Please visit her web site  http://lindatn37932.tripod.com/ 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds  beef  roast 
 2 teaspoons  black pepper 
 2  garlic  cloves, minced 
 2  soup, onion, mix  package 
 2 teaspoons  Worcestershire sauce 
 1 teaspoon  steak sauce 
 3  carrots  sliced 
 2  celery  stalks, diced 
 1  sweet bell pepper green , chopped 
 1  onion yellow 
 ½ cup  water 
 ½ cup  tomato juice 
 Directions : 
 Directions cut  beef  roast into serving-sized portions. 
 Use more  beef  if you need more than 6 servings. 
 Brown  beef  in a bit of  vegetable oil , although you can skip this step if rushed for time. 
 Slice  onion  and separate into rings. 
 Dice the peeled  carrots , dice the celery and slice the  peppers  into thin strips or circles. 
 Place these into bottom of crockpot. 
 Sprinkle the  beef  pieces with fresh ground  black pepper , minced  garlic  and the  onion soup mix . 
 Place on top of the vegetables. 
 Mix the  steak  sauce and  Worcestershire sauce  in a small bowl with about ½ cup  water  and ½ cup  tomato juice . 
 Pour this over the meat. 
 Turn the crockpot to high for 30 minutes, or, if you're in a hurry, skip this step. 
 Turn to low, cover and cook for 7-9 hours. 
 Keep the crockpot covered as much as possible throughout cooking time. 
 A crockpot can be used to cook this type of meal for a varied amount of time,depending on your schedule. 
 It is not important that you take the meat and vegetables out at a specific amount of time. 
 One or two hours either way usually makes no difference. 
 When ready to serve, dip meat and vegetables out of pot with a slotted spoon use the liquid as is or turn crockpot to high and thicken liquid with a little  flour  or  cornstarch . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Crockpot Recipes, Onion soup mix Recipes, Beef Recipes, Tomato juice Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Add category