Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chilean_Salpicon

        
 Description : 
 This composed salad of  beef  and  purple potatoes  originated in Santiago,  Chile, where it’s often served as a quick lunch. The dressing is a tangy, spicy mix, a good match against all the different textures. Some  purple potatoes  turn steely gray when cooked, but the color change won’t affect the taste of this hearty salad. I got this recipe off of the MSNBC web site. I have not tried it but it does look very good so I thought that I would share it with you all.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon  chili powder 
 5 tablespoons fresh  lime juice 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cumin 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 1 lb  hanger steak , trimmed of any excess fat 
 2 lbs  purple potatoes , such as purple Peruvians or all blues, scrubbed 
 ¾ cup white  corn kernels  (about 1 large ear) or frozen  corn , thawed 
 1 large  avocado , peeled, pitted, and cut into ½ inch pieces 
 6  radishes , thinly sliced 
 2  scallions , thinly sliced 
 ⅓ cup chopped fresh  cilantro 
 ½ cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon fresh ground  black pepper 
 4 dashes  tabasco sauce , to taste 
 Directions : 
 In a small bowl, mix the  garlic ,  chili powder , 1 tablespoon of the  lime juice , the  cumin , and  salt  until well combined. 
 Massage this mixture into both sides of the hanger  steak . 
 Cover and refrigerate the meat for at least 2 hours, but no more than 6 hours. 
 Meanwhile, bring a medium pot of salted  water  to a boil. 
 Add the  potatoes  and cook until tender when pierced with a fork, about 20 minutes. 
 Drain and cool, then cut into quarters, or 2-inch chunks, whichever is smaller. 
 Position the broiler rack 4 inches from the heat and preheat the broiler. 
 Place the hanger  steak  on a large lipped baking sheet. 
 Broil, turning once, about 3 minutes each side for medium. 
 Transfer the  steak  to a cutting board and let stand for 5 minutes. 
 Cut it in half, then slice each piece into thin strips against the  grain , cutting in long strokes with the knife at a 45-degree angle to the cutting board. 
 Place the sliced  steak ,  potatoes ,  corn ,  avocado ,  radishes , and scallions in a large bowl. 
 Whisk the last 5 ingredients with the remaining lime juice.  Add to the other ingredients and toss gently. 
 Serve immediately or it's great the next day! 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/03/Salpicon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004824']
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Beef plate Recipes, Chilean Meat Dishes, Chili powder Recipes, Purple potato Recipes, Corn Recipes, Radish Recipes, Add category