Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mini_Babybel_Pizza

Ingredients : 
 10 Babybel Cheese  
 1 Roll of Pillsbury Pizza Crust  
 McCormick Perfect Pinch Salt Free Garlic and Herb Seasoning, optional  
 You Choice Of Pizza Sauce, I used the one with veggies to sneak in more veggies in my kids diet  
 1 Can of Pam  
 A Sharp Knife  
 A Cooking Pan 
 Instructions : 
 PREHEAT THE OVEN TO 350 DEGREES  
 The first step is to grate the Babybel Cheese, let the kids open and grate the cheese, it’s a lot of fun for them to do this and keeps them occupied. Make sure to explain to them to be careful and not grate TO HARD be SOFT and move fast. This will take a little bit of time but will be oodles of fun for the kiddos.  
 Spray the cooking pan with some PAM cooking spray, open and spread out the Pillsbury Pizza crust. Take out your knife and cut the crust into 6 even sized squares and then separate them (they will expand when they cook).  
 Season the squares with the McCormick Perfect Pinch Garlic and Herb’s Salt Free seasoning to add flavor to the crust. This is optional and if you want you can switch out and substitute for your families favorite seasonings.  
 Add the pizza sauce (whatever sauce you choose) I choose to add the Ragu 7 Herb Tomato since i has veggies inside. It’s a fun way to add more veggies to my kids diets without them knowing.  
 This is a fun step for the kids where they can add as much cheese as they want to their pizza’s. Be careful though and monitor the amount each pizza gets so that each of the pizza’s have an even amount of cheese.  
 Now its time to add your choice of toppings! Add whatever you like and let the kids go crazy, add mushrooms, onions, spinach you name it! You are the chef and you get to decide what you would like on your pizza.  
 Once the oven has been brought to 350 Degrees pop your mini pizza’s in the oven, cook for 12 minutes or until the cheese is melted the way you like.  
 Plate and serve your yummy pizza’s! Serve with garlic bread or serve with a side salad.  
 Enjoy 
 Source : 
 Mini Babybel Pizza Recipe from JaysSweetNSourLife.com 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Pizza Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Pizza crust Recipes, Garlic salt Recipes, Prepared pizza sauce Recipes, Pam Recipes, Knife Recipes, Pan Recipes, Add category