Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gaeng_Ki_Lek


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 6 plump cloves of  garlic , chopped 
 5 shallots, chopped 
 10 dried long red Thai chilies, soaked in warm  water  for 1/2 an hour, then cut into quarters 
 5 fresh red chilies (mild to incendiary, according to your taste), sliced crosswise about 1/2 inch thick 
 4 fingers of  krachai  (if using pickled  krachai , soak in hot  water  for 1/2 hour, rinse and dry), chopped 
 2 one-inch slices of  kha  ( galangal ), chopped 
 4 stalks of  lemongrass , bottom tender 4-5 inches only, peeled and finely chopped 
 2 1/2 cups rich  coconut milk  ( coconut cream  not separated) 
 fish sauce 
 Directions : 
 For the  curry  paste, pound together, using a heavy pestle and mortar, the  garlic ,  krachai ,  kha ,  lemongrass , and dried chilies. Add the chilies and pound lightly just to bruise them, not to incorporate fully into the paste. (Alternatively grind the ingredients together in a powerful blender or a food processor, adding *just* enough  water  to get them blended. Then pound the fresh chilies with the handle of a heavy knife and chuck them into the paste.)
 Bring the  coconut milk  to a boil, in a wok or heavy-duty fry pan, over medium heat. Lower heat to a gentle simmer. The  milk  should thicken and eventually (within 10 minutes) give up its  oil  (globules of fat will appear on the surface). At this point stir in the  curry  paste. Simmer gently and continue to stir. After about 4–5 minutes, until the paste ingredients are sufficiently heated and the mixture becomes aromatic. Continue to stir another couple of minutes and then add fish sauce, a tablespoon at a time, until the  salt  balance of the  curry  is to your liking. The  curry  should nap a spoon, but not too heavily—add some  water  if necessary.
 Add the  Pork  and stir until it is cooked through. Add the ki lek leaves and buds and cook until they are heated through.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Bhutani Recipes, Bhutani Appetizers, Curry Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Coconut cream Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Galangal Recipes, Fingerroot Recipes, Pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category