Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Maschi


 
 Description : 
 Stuffed  tomato  with Chopped (ground)  Beef . Mahshee is also made with courgettes, green peppers and aubergines (known as Eggplant to our American friends!). The  cucumbers  are peeled, cut lengthwise, scooped out, filled and finished as below. You may also use  Eggplants . Peel small  Eggplants , remove the tops, scoop out interiors and proceed in the same manner. The  cucumber  dish is garnished with fresh  cucumber  slices and the  Eggplant  with  tomato  and  cucumber  slices overlapping all around the edge.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 Ibs. Ground  Beef 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp.  pepper 
 1 tsp.  garlic powder  (or 2 cloves mashed) 
 4 Tbs. CHOPPED FRESH DILL (or 1 tsp. dried dill) 
 2 Tbs.  salad oil 
 1 cup COOKED  rice 
 8 large  tomatoes 
 2 Tbs.  butter 
 2 Tbs.  oil 
 2 6-oz. cans  tomato  PASTE 
 2 6 oz. cans  water 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 1 tsp.  cinnamon 
 1 tsp.  garlic powder 
 Directions : 
 Take 2 Ibs. CHOPPED  Beef , 1 tsp.  salt , 1/2 tsp.  pepper , 1 tsp.  garlic powder  (or 2 cloves mashed), 4 Tbs. CHOPPED FRESH DILL (or 1 tsp. dried dill) in 2 Tbs.  salad oil  and fry untime meat browns. 
 Add 1 cup COOKED  rice  and blend. 
 Cut a Slit in 8 large  tomatoes  (very firm), halfway across the center. 
 Squeeze at the sides to open the slit. 
 Scoop out all the flesh from inside of  tomatoes  with a spoon. 
 Refill  tomato  with  Beef  mixture and close the  tomato . 
 Melt 2 Tbs.  butter  and 2 Tbs.  oil  in a large skillet. 
 Saute the  tomatoes  carefully in the fat, rolling them gently until they become dark red on all sides. 
 Prepare sauce as follows and pour over the  tomatoes : 
 Combine: 2 6-oz. cans  tomato  PASTE thinned with 2 6 oz. cans  water , 1/2 tsp.  salt , 1 tsp.  cinnamon , 1 tsp.  garlic powder . 
 Simmer the  tomatoes  gently over low flame for 10 to 15 minutes until sauce is cooked. 
 Remove carefully to a 15-inch round platter. 
 Surround with raw  tomatoes  cut in thick slices. 
 Top each slice with  green olives . 
 If there is more Maschi filling left over after filling the  tomatoes  place it in a suitable pan and bake it alongside the  tomatoes . 
 
 
 
Categories: Sudanese Recipes, Sudanese Meat Dishes, Garlic powder Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Rice Recipes, Beef Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category