Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mushroom_and_Leek_Galette


 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup chopped fresh flat-leaf  parsley 
 1 large  egg white  for glaze 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 4 medium  leeks  (white and light green parts only), sliced (2 cups) 
 12 oz  cremini  or baby bella mushrooms, sliced (6 cups) 
 1 large  egg 
 ⅓ cup reduced-fat  sour cream 
 ¾ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 1 bunch scallions (white and light green parts only), sliced (⅓ cup) 
 Crust : 
 1½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1½ tsp  baking powder 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ½ cup low-fat  cottage cheese 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 ¼ cup  low-fat milk 
 1½ tsp  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 In medium bowl, whisk together  flour ,  baking powder  and  salt . 
 In food processor, process  cottage cheese  until puréed. 
 Add  oil ,  milk  and  sugar  and process until smooth. 
 Add  flour  mixture and pulse 4 to 5 times, just until dough clumps together. 
 Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead several times; do not overwork. 
 Press dough into a disk, dust lightly with  flour  and wrap in plastic wrap. 
 Refrigerate at least 20 minutes. 
 Gallette : 
 Meanwhile, in large nonstick skillet, heat  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add  leeks  and cook, stirring often, until tender, 4 to 5 minutes, adding a little  water  if necessary to prevent scorching. 
 Add  mushrooms , increase heat to medium-high and cook, stirring, until  mushrooms  are tender, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and cool completely. 
 Preheat oven to 400 °F. 
 Coat baking sheet with  cooking spray . 
 In large bowl, whisk together whole  egg ,  sour cream ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Add scallions,  parsley  and cooled  leek  mixture; mix well. 
 On lightly floured surface, roll out dough into 15-inch circle about ¼ inch thick. 
 Roll dough back over rolling pin and transfer to prepared baking sheet. 
 Spread  leek  mixture over dough, leaving 2-inch border around edges. 
 Fold dough border up and over filling, pleating as necessary. 
 In small bowl, combine  egg white  with 1 tablespoon  water ; stir briskly with fork. 
 Brush over rim of crust. 
 Bake until crust is golden, 30 to 35 minutes. 
 Transfer baking sheet to wire rack and let cool 5 minutes. 
 Carefully slide galette onto platter and serve hot or at room temperature. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cottage cheese Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Leek Recipes, Low-fat milk Recipes, Savory pie Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category