Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fool_Medames


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 four cups (about two pounds) dry small fava beans (broad beans or  pink beans ) 
 one-half cup split  red lentils , washed, rinsed, and cleaned (optional) 
 one or two ripe  tomatoes , chopped (optional) 
 one  Onion , chopped (optional) 
 four cloves  garlic , crushed (optional) 
 one teaspoon ground coriander (optional) 
 one teaspoon  cumin 
 1/4 cup  lemon juice 
 1/4 cup  olive oil 
 salt  and  pepper , to taste 
 ground  cayenne pepper  or red pepper, to taste 
 one handful fresh  cilantro ,  parsley , or  mint  leaves, chopped 
 one bunch  green onions  (white part and some of the green part), chopped 
 four hard-boiled  eggs 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Wash and rinse fava beans and soak them, covered with cold  water , for an entire day (to have fool in the evening, soak the beans from early one morning until the same time the next morning, then cook). Drain and rinse before cooking. 
 In a large pot, bring fourteen cups (three and one-half times the amount of beans)  water  to a boil. Add beans and  Lentils . Boil for several minutes. Skim any foam off top. Reduce heat and simmer. Add the optional  tomato  and  Onion . Cover (and do not uncover) and simmer over very low heat for eight hours. After eight hours, check for dryness. If beans are dry, add boiling  water  (not cold  water ) as necessary. Cook another two to three hours, until beans are very tender. 
 Mash beans with  Potato  masher or ricer. Stir in  garlic ,  tomatoes  and  onions  (as desired), coriander,  cumin ,  lemon juice , and  olive oil . Season with  salt ,  pepper , and  cayenne pepper  to taste. Simmer and stir for a few minutes more. 
 Place serving-sized portions into bowls. Garnish to your liking with  cilantro  (or  parsley , or  mint ) leaves,  green onion , and sliced hard-boiled  egg . Serve warm with warmed pita bread. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chadian Recipes, Chadian Snacks, Mint Recipes, Potato Recipes, Red lentil Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Chili bean Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category