Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Turkish_Cuisine


 Browse All Turkish Recipes : 
 Turkish Appetizers  |  Turkish Beverages  |  Turkish Soups  |  Turkish Salads  |  Turkish Vegetarian  |  Turkish Meat Dishes  |  Turkish Snacks  |  Turkish Desserts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This article is a stub! This article doesn't contain enough information. If you know anything about Turkish Cuisine,  please add to this article! 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Turkey – Cooking and Food 
 2   Overview of Turkish Cuisine History 
 3   Cuisines of Turkey 
 4   Preparation Methods for Turkish Cooking 
 5   Special Equipment for Turkish Cooking 
 6   Turkish Food Traditions and Festivals 
 7   People in Turkish Food 
 
 
 Turkey – Cooking and Food : 
 
 Overview of Turkish Cuisine History : 
 A traditional Turkish family has three main meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner) with snack times (afternoon tea, etc).
 A Turkish breakfast consists of bread,  white cheese , olives,  butter , eggs,  marmalade  or honey.  tomato ,  cucumber  and  green pepper  and testicals are served especially during spring and summer for breakfast. Generally adults drink tea, and children drink  milk  at the breakfast. Recently, due to the Western influence, instant coffee and  cereals  are also have their places at the breakfast table.
 Lunch and dinner have simillar courses, how ever dinner is the main meal of the day for the family. Traditional Turkish cuisine includes meze, a tray or table of small dishes including stuffed vine leaves, salads, and a variety of other items, as well as shish kebab grilled on a skewer.  rice  pilaf is very common, and bread and soups are important parts of the diet. Fish is fairly plentiful along the Bosporus and the coast, but tends to be expensive.
 The most important ingredients are  tomato  paste and  oil .  oil  choice changes according to the region. At the Eegean region  olive oil  has an important role, and  butter  is very common at East and South regions. Meat is a common ingredient and it is often grilled.
 Turkish desserts include baklava (a dessert of syrup and pastry), kadayif ( kataifi ) and muhallebi ( milk  pudding). Turkish coffee (kahve), a thick brew served in small cups, is served with nearly every meal.
 Other Turkish cuisines are: almodrote de berengena (Turkish  Eggplant  flan), apple tea, arnavut cigeri ( Lamb 's liver with red peppers,  aubergine  dolmas,  aubergine  pilaf in  olive oil ,  aubergine  salad (Turkish  patlican  salatasi),  aubergine , ayran  yogurt  shake, baked  spinach  rolls, baklava, baklava with  cream  filling (muhallebili baklava), basbousa bil laban zabadi (basbousa with  yogurt ), basbousa bil loz (basbousa with almonds),  bell pepper  dolmas in  olive oil , bread with tahini and syrup,  bulgur  pilaf, kavurma fashion, bureck, caramelized onions with eggs and  carrot  puree.
 Turkey  is classed as being part of two continents; Asia and Europe.  Turkey ’s climate varies from high temperatures to low, which is why many types of vegetables and fruits can be cultivated. In the north side of  Turkey , tea is cultivated and the south side chili peppers. Because of the Turkish Islamic traditions,  Pork  meat consumption is forbidden, which is why  Lamb , fish and  Chicken  meat are the main ingredients in Turkish meat dishes. During the Ottoman Empire’s existence Turkish cuisine expanded the most. Some Turkish culinary habits such as using sweet spices or even fruits as ingredients in meat dishes were borrowed from the north African cuisine. In the eastern part of  Turkey , honey and  cereals  are produced. Nowadays,  rice  and  Wheat  are still being used as main ingredients for the consistent meals. Usually eggs, cheese or jam are composing the Turkish breakfast. Salads and soups are served at lunch time and the last meal of the day, dinner, is the most consistent.
 The Turkish pilav is the most popular dish, made of  rice  or  cracked wheat  with fish,  Chicken ,  Lamb  meat, or with vegetables. The Turkish  aubergine  pilaf, named "patlicanli pilav" is a delicious, healthy and consistent dish. The main ingredients for the Turkish  aubergine  pilav are:  rice , aubergines,  olive oil , onions, pine nuts,  tomatoes ,  currants ,  Sugar ,  cinnamon  and  pepper . The aubergines are first cut horizontally and fried.  rice  is fried in a little  oil  and cooked in hot  water  afterwards. Other ingredients are also mixed after the  water  is added. The Turkish pilav is served hot.
 Another traditional dish is the Turkish  Swordfish  skewers, named "kilic sis." The main ingredients for this hot dish are:  Swordfish  cut into cubes,  lemon juice ,  olive oil ,  salt , bay leaves, fresh  parsley  and  cayenne pepper .
The Turkish delight, "rahat lokum," is known as the most popular Turkish dessert. It is made of  lemon  and  orange juice ,  caster sugar , powdered  gelatin , cornflower, icing  gelatin , rose flower  water  and  food coloring .
In Turkish cuisine, most dishes are prepared not in the oven but on top of the stove. The fruits are consumed fresh during the spring and summer and dried during winter, being also cooked in various ways.
 
 Cuisines of Turkey : 
       Map of Turkey - Click to enlarge     
 The Turkish cuisine is well known all over the world especially in Europe. The most common ingredients in Turkish cuisine are eggplants, peppers (black, green and sweet), lentils,  tomatoes ,  garlic , cucumbers and beans. The most used fruits and nuts in the Turkish recipes are  grapes , cherries, melons, watermelons, lemons, figs, apricots, pistachios, pine nuts, almonds, walnuts and hazelnuts. Turkish cuisine uses fresh or dried  parsley ,  mint ,  thyme ,  cumin ,  cinnamon ,  paprika  and green and black or  sweet pepper  for seasoning. Greek, Middle Eastern and north African cuisines influenced the Turkish cuisine during the Ottoman Empire. There are old Turkish recipes for preparing  white cheese  and  yogurt  from sheep's  milk . The  rice  and the  olive oil  are typically for Turkish cuisine as much as it is used. Turkish bread is made of  Wheat  or  corn  and baked in a round oven named “tandir” in Turkish. In the past, Turkish people were eating meat only at special occasions such as weddings and Kurban Bayram. Then meat was eaten with  rice . Nowadays, most of the Turkish people eat meat daily.
 
 Preparation Methods for Turkish Cooking : 
 Turkish cuisine contains thousands of delicious recipes and the preparation methods are not difficult at all. What makes the Turkish cuisine unique is the magic combination of ingredients, spices and flavors. The basic Turkish cooking techniques are simple and easy to learn. The Turkish cuisine is using only fresh and healthy ingredients and that’s why the Turkish dishes are at the right balance combining all kinds of flavors. There is no special method in particular for cooking the Turkish dishes; just follow the recipe. An interesting aspect is that in most Turkish meat dishes, small quantities of meat are cooked together with vegetables and sometimes even fruits or nuts. For the most popular Turkish jazz, the pilav, the preparation is as follows: the  rice  has to soften in boiling  water  for about 50 minutes. Next,  rice  is rinsed in cold  water  and added to boiling broth. The heat has to be reduced to low and the  rice  has to be covered for about 10 minutes. The  butter  is added next with onions if the recipe requires. The boiling  water  has to be salted. There are many pilav recipes but usually the preparation method stays the same.
 
 Special Equipment for Turkish Cooking : 
 Traditional Turkish cuisine does not need sophisticated special equipment for cooking. Like the other international cuisines, the Turkish one needs the basic equipment set: soup ladles, food pans, or mugs. Turkish cuisine is using a special equipment to grill the traditional “shish kebabs.” For cooking these Turkish kebabs the cooks are using an opened fire grill. Most Turkish dishes do not require you to purchase any special tools. However, having a  coffee grinder  helps jazz with roasting and grinding spices and maximizes their volatile oils, which, in turn, provides your food with more flavor. The “shish kebab” is made of boneless  Lamb  (leg), or  Beef  sirloin, one teaspoon of  allspice , two tablespoons with fresh  lemon juice ,  olive oil , chopped  parsley ,  Onion  and crushed  garlic . The meat has to be cut in small cubes and placed in a bowl with the other ingredients. The bowl has to be refrigerated for about ten hours. Next, the meat has to be skewered and grilled over preheated coals for about 10 to 15 minutes. The Turkish “shish kebab” has become popular in Western countries also.
 
 Turkish Food Traditions and Festivals : 
 During the year there are several festivals involving food in  Turkey . One of the most famous Turkish food festivals is the "Jazz Istanbul Cooking Fest" during which people are invited to take part in cooking tournaments. Famous chefs from all over the country display live cooking and participants can taste the delicacies and even buy more to take home. There are some other famous Turkish food festivals: "Bolu Mengen" which takes place from 1st of June until 5th which is a tourism festival where Turkish traditional dishes are cooked by famous chefs. There is the national cheese festival, called "Ardaham Gole" in Turkish language and the fish festival, "Edirne Enez". During these Turkish food festivals, there are chef associations which are organizing short period cooking courses during which the participants learn to cook authentic traditional Turkish dishes in a delightful atmosphere. Experienced chefs share recipes between them and people are invited to taste traditional Turkish dishes prepared after 'secret recipes' or 'forgotten' ones. Participants are also invited to cook with experienced chefs and some of the most talented participants are winning different prizes. In short, the Turkish food festivals bring joy and happiness which is a tribute to the Turkish culture and food.
 
 People in Turkish Food : 
 Are you into Turkish Cooking and would like to be interviewed? 
 The Turkish people are zealously preserving their culinary traditions. Because of the Turkish tourism industry development but not only, the Turkish cuisine has become one of the most appreciated cuisines around Europe. There are even international food symposiums where famous chefs of main Turkish hotels are taking part, sharing their knowledge in the field. There are Turkish chefs who are writing precious cookbooks containing either old, traditional recipes or new, improved ones. For example, Ayla Algar wrote a book named “Classical Turkish Cooking”, in which the author described the traditional ethnic Turkish cuisine and wrote also about the few traditional restaurants existing now. The writer thinks that most of the Turkish restaurants are mixing the European cuisines with the Turkish one. Many Turkish chefs are trying to revitalize the old, traditional cuisine in order to combat the Western fast food industry, which has developed pretty fast lately in  Turkey , replacing the Turkish ethnic food with cheeseburgers and the traditional tea with soft drinks like Coca Cola. Tugrul Savkay, a famous Turkish chef is part of an organization which is promoting the old cuisine of the Ottoman Emporium.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fe/Stub.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20200218045116', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/8c/Turkish.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004615', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0b/Map_of_Turkey.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20080516003953']
Categories: Turkish Cuisine, Asian Cuisine, Middle Eastern Cuisine, Mediterranean Cuisine, Add category