Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cabbage_Rolls_II


 
 Ingredients : 
 Sauce : 
 1 stalk  celery , diced 
 ¼ cup fine chop  red onions 
 3 tbsp defatted  chicken stock  (vegetarians use  vegetable stock  rather than  chicken stock ) 
 1½ cup fine chop  tomatoes 
 2 tbsp minced fresh  basil 
 1 tbsp  rice vinegar 
 1 tsp minced fresh  oregano 
 Cabbage rolls : 
 ½ cup chopped  red onions 
 ½ cup chopped  mushrooms 
 1 tsp minced  garlic 
 2 tbsp defatted  chicken stock  (vegetarians use  vegetable stock  rather than  chicken stock ) 
 2 cup cooked  rice  or  barley 
 ½ cup diced  tomatoes 
 3 tbsp  bread crumbs 
 2 tsp low-sodium  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp minced fresh  parsley 
 ½ tsp  curry powder 
 ¼ tsp ground  black pepper 
 8 medium  cabbage  leaves 
 Directions : 
 Sauce : 
 In a 2 quart saucepan over medium-low heat, sauté the  celery  and  onions  in the stock for about 5 to 7 minutes. 
 Add the  tomatoes ,  basil ,  vinegar  and  oregano . 
 Cover and simmer for 20 minutes. 
 Set aside while you make the rolls. 
 Cabbage rolls : 
 In a small saucepan over low heat, saute" the  onions ,  mushrooms  and  garlic  in the stock for 3 to 5 minutes. 
 Transfer to a large bowl. 
 Stir in the  rice  or  barley ,  tomatoes , bread crumbs, soy sauce,  parsley ,  curry  and  pepper . 
 Blanch the  cabbage  leaves in boiling  water  for about 3 minutes, or until pliable. 
 Drain. 
 Place about ½ cup of mixture on each leaf. 
 Roll the leaf tightly to enclose the filling. 
 Coat a 9x9 baking dish with no-stick spray. 
 Add the rolls, seam side down. 
 Spread 1 cup of the  tomato  sauce over the rolls. 
 Cover with foil and bake at 400°F for 25 to 35 minutes. 
 Serve the heated  cabbage  rolls with the remaining sauce. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 230 calories, 2 g fat (7%), g dietary fiber, : 9 g protein, 0 mg cholesterol, 422 mg sodium. A good  source of vitamin C
 
 
 
 
Categories: Barley Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Rice Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category