Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roman_Saltimbocca

Roman Saltimbocca  : 
 ( Saltimbocca alla Romana)
 Duration: 15 min
 Difficulty: easy
 Region: Lazio
 
         
 
 Roman Saltimbocca  ( Saltimbocca alla Romana  ) (literally 'it jumps in mounth') are a typical course of traditional Roman cuisine. This recipe is known throughout Italy, due to its simplicity and its excellent flavor and it has become an appetizer of meat, nice to be presented at the table and also popular with children. The saltimbocca are small rolls or trimmings, so named because of their small size and because it can be grabbed with the hands and eaten in one bite. In the Roman version of' these they are small scraps of veal (do not know why you see around television programs that replace it with the pork ....) Cut into thin slices (as used in Rome) and a leaf of sage, and a slice of ham. These are the ingredients of this simple recipe, which is and must remain simple (there is no melted cheese! Not to be confused with the Bolognese cutlet).
 
 Ingredients : 
 
 
 Slices of veal
 
 4
 
 
 Prosciutto (italian ham)
 
 4 slices
 
 
 Sage
 
 4 leaves
 
 
 Garlic
 
 1 clove
 
 
 Flour
 
 q.s.
 
 
 Extra virgin olive oil
 
 q.s.
 
 
 Salt
 
 q.s.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Procedure : 
 Divide the veal slices into small pieces of about 5 cm, the same work at it the ham slices.
 Flour the slices of meat and then poggiateci above each a piece of ham slice of dimensions slightly smaller and still above a leaf of sage. Fix it all with a toothpick so that the three layers remain united.
 In a frying pan, add a little olive oil, chopped garlic and place saltimbocca without overlapping and start cooking. Halfway through cooking, add a little salt. Finally, if you want you can dampen the area with half a glass of wine, or half a glass of milk. Finish cooking.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/66/Gran-Consiglio-della-Forchetta-Saltimbocca-alla-Romana-m.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/360?cb=20171230111141']
Categories: Quick and Easy Recipes, Romanian Appetizers, Meat appetizer Recipes, Veal Recipes, Prosciutto Recipes, Italian Appetizers, Kid-friendly Recipes, Romanian Snacks, Add category