Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Prize-winning_Marinade_for_Beef

Desription : 
 I combined my sister-in-law's marinade recipe with my friend's barbecue cooking method. I then submitted this recipe into to a radio station as part of a contest and I ended up winning the grand prize of a Jennaire stove! It's so versatile that it works both with cheap cuts of beef and expensive too. I won't cook beef roast any other way. Enjoy! by Elizabeth Craig
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 3½ hours 15 min prep 
 4 – 10 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  Worcestershire sauce 
 ½ cup  lemon juice 
 ½ cup  soy sauce 
 4 – 5  garlic  cloves, crushed 
 40  peppercorns , crushed 
 1  sirloin tip roast  or  blade roast  or  round roast  or  prime rib roast  or  London broil  beef 
 1 pint  sour cream 
 Directions : 
 Using a food processor, crush peppercorns until fine. 
 Add garlic to processor and crush. 
 Add soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce and lemon juice and blend. 
 Pour mixture into giant zip lock freezer bag and add the meat to be marinated (even the cheapest cuts of beef will taste like prime rib!). 
 Seal bag. 
 Refrigerate for 48 hours (turn bag every time you open the fridge door). 
 Reserve the marinade for later use. 
 Barbecue the meat as you would normally however, I prefer to cook the meat very very slowly using an indirect cooking method — only one side of the barbecue is lit and turned down to low. 
 The meat is placed on the one side of the barbecue which is off, over a pan of water, which sits on the barbecue rocks.  Note : total barbecue time depends on the size of beef roast. 
 Relax while your dinner cooks. 
 Put marinade on the stove and bring to a boil. 
 Add just enough marinade to some sour cream, to make a sauce to drizzle over the cooked meat. 
 Sit back and enjoy the compliments. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Marinade Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Beef sirloin Recipes, Beef chuck and blade Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Beef rib Recipes, London broil Recipes, Add category