Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Marble_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   INGREDIENTS 
 
 1.1   CAKE 
 1.2   CHOCOLATE SWIRL 
 
 
 2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 
 INGREDIENTS : 
 CAKE : 
 1 cup butter (at room temperature)1 cup butter (at room temperature) 
 2 ½ cups granulated sugar2 ½ cups granulated sugar 
 1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon vanilla extract (divided)1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon vanilla extract (divided) 
 4 large eggs (at room temperature)4 large eggs (at room temperature) 
 1 cup buttermilk1 (at room temperature)1 cup buttermilk 1  (at room temperature) 
 3 cups cake flour23 cups cake flour 2 
 2 teaspoons baking powder2 teaspoons baking powder 
 1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon salt 
 CHOCOLATE SWIRL : 
 2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder 
 1/2 cup milk3 (at room temperature)1/2 cup milk 3  (at room temperature) 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Preheat oven to 350 F. Grease and flour a 12-cup Bundt pan. Set aside.  
 In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment (or with an electric mixer), beat together butter and sugar until well-combined. 
 Add eggs one at time, mixing well after each addition. 
 Stir in 1 tablespoon vanilla until combined. 
 Mix in buttermilk until well-combined.  
 Add cake flour, baking powder, and salt. 
 Stir in on low just until incorporated. 
 Scoop out 2 ½ cups of the batter, and place it into a separate bowl. 
 Stir cocoa powder and milk into the 2 ½ cups of batter until well-combined. 
 Add remaining 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract to original batter. 
 Using a 1/4-cup measuring cup, drop one scoop of plain batter into prepared bundt pan. 
 Using a separate scoop, drop 1/4 cup of chocolate batter on top of plain batter. 
 Continue to alternate between plain and chocolate batters until both batters are gone. 
 Give the pan a couple of taps to level out the batter, if necessary. Do not stir. 
 Bake for 50-70 minutes, or until a wooden toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. 
 Cool cake in the pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes. 
 Invert the cake onto wire rack, and cool completely. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bundt cake Recipes, Butter Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Egg Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category