Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Raised_Potato_Doughnuts

Ingredients : 
 ½ cup of  powdered milk 
 ½ cup of melted  butter 
 1 teaspoon of  salt 
 1½ teaspoon ground  nutmeg  or  cinnamon 
 1 package of  yeast  (or 2 tablespoons) 
 ¾ cup of  sugar 
 1 cup of mashed  potatoes 
 3  eggs 
 1¾ cups of ( potato )  water 
 6 - 6½ cups of white  flour 
 Directions : 
 Peel, cut and boil 1 large or 2 medium sized  potatoes  in  water , until the  potatoes  are very soft. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Drain, reserving the  water . 
 Smash the  potatoes  with a fork. 
 Measure out one cup of mashed  potatoes  for the recipe. 
 Measure out 1¾ cups of  potato   water  (adding more  water  if necessary to make 1¾ cups). 
 While the  potatoes  and the  water  are still warm, beat together all of the ingredients, except for the  flour . 
 Then, gradually stir in the  flour . 
 Stir in only as much  flour  as needed to make a workable dough. 
 The dough should be very soft and a little sticky to the touch. 
 Cover the bowl and place in the refrigerator for an hour to an hour and a half, or until the dough is nearly double in size. 
 Punch down the dough. 
 On a floured cookie sheet or large tray, roll out the dough ½ inch thick and cut into donut shapes. 
 Remove the dough around the doughnut shapes. 
 Roll out the remaining dough on another cookie sheet, in the same way. 
 Cover the cookie sheets and allow the doughnuts to rise for 20 minutes (skip this rising if you are using "instant"  yeast ). 
 Fry in deep  oil  for 3–4 minutes, turning soon after dropping in the  oil  and then again after a minute or two. 
 Glaze the doughnuts as soon as they are cooked, if you like, with this glaze:. 
 Mix 2 cups of  powdered sugar  with ½ cup of boiling  water . 
 Dip one side of the doughnut in the glaze. 
 Place, glazed side up, on a plate and sprinkle with  coconut , if desired. 
 Serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Omani Snacks, Coconut Recipes, Doughnut Recipes, Potato Recipes, Powdered milk Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Egg Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category