Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_in_Mango_sauce


 
 Description : 
 Chicken  in  mango  sauce
 
 : 
 Ingredients Edit 
 4 Chicken breasts 
 a little cooking oil 
 150 ml chicken stock 
 240 ml   whipping cream 
 60 ml FAIRTRADE red wine 
 15 ml margarine 
 50 gm FAIRTRADE cashew nuts 
 2 medium FAIRTRADE Mangoes 
 15 ml FAIRTRADE raw cane Sugar 
 Directions Edit 
 Peel and slice the mangoes 
 Season the Chicken and then brown the fillets in a little hot oil to seal the flavours. 
 Add the chicken stock, bring to the boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, for about 20 minutes or until the Chicken is tender. 
 Remove the Chicken to a hot dish and keep warm. 
 Adjust seasoning. 
 Whip the cream and then spoon it into the pan. 
 Stir in gently and heat slowly until the sauce thickens. 
 Mix the red wine and the Sugar and add to the pan except for 15 ml. 
 Mix well. 
 In a side pan, melt the margarine and toast the cashews until light brown. 
 Put a few mango slices to one side for garnish, and, using the remaining wine, warm the other pieces and add to the sauce. 
 Gently re-heat and then pour over the hot Chicken. 
 Directions : 
 Peel and slice the mangoes 
 Season the  Chicken  and then brown the fillets in a little hot  oil  to seal the flavours. 
 Add the  chicken stock , bring to the boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, for about 20 minutes or until the  Chicken  is tender. 
 Remove the  Chicken  to a hot dish and keep warm. 
 Adjust seasoning. 
 Whip the  cream  and then spoon it into the pan. 
 Stir in gently and heat slowly until the sauce thickens. 
 Mix the  red wine  and the  Sugar  and add to the pan except for 15 ml. 
 Mix well. 
 In a side pan, melt the  margarine  and toast the cashews until light brown. 
 Put a few  mango  slices to one side for garnish, and, using the remaining wine, warm the other pieces and add to the sauce. 
 Gently re-heat and then pour over the hot  Chicken . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cashew Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Mango Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red wine Recipes, Tanzanian Meat Dishes, Tanzanian Recipes, Add category