Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lentil_Cookies

Description : 
 Contributed by Gloria at  Healthy Recipes For diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Source: Alton Brown, 2006 with nutrition being found from the same recipe posted to Allrecipes.com 
 Prep Time: 30 minutes | Cook Time: 1 Hour 10 minutes 
 Yield: 4½ Dozen (54 servings) and 1½ cups lentil purée 
 Ingredients : 
 9½ oz whole-wheat  pastry flour , approximately 2 cups  [1] 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ½ tsp ground  allspice 
 8 oz  sugar , approximately 1 cup  [2] 
 6 oz unsalted  butter , room temperature, approximately ¾ cup 
 1  egg 
 2 tsp  vanilla extract 
 1½ cups  lentil purée  ( Recipe  follows) 
 3½ oz  rolled oats , approximately 1 cup 
 4 oz  dried fruit , approximately 1 cup 
 2¼ oz unsweetened dried shredded  coconut , approximately 1 cup 
 Lentil purée : 
 4 oz  lentils , approximately ⅔ cup, picked over and rinsed 
 2 cups  water 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 375 °F. 
 In a medium bowl, combine the  flour ,  baking powder ,  salt , cinnamon  and  allspice . 
 In the bowl of a stand-mixer with a whisk attachment, cream together the  sugar  and  butter  on medium speed. 
 Add the egg and mix until just incorporated. 
 Add the  vanilla  and lentil purée and mix until combined. 
 Add the  flour  mixture and blend on Low Speed Until Just combined. 
 Remove the bowl from the mixer and stir in the  oats , dried fruit and  coconut . 
 Form the dough into balls about 2 teaspoons in size and place on a baking sheet with parchment paper, leaving about 1-inch of room in between. 
 Bake for 15 to 17 minutes, or until an internal temperature of 195 °F is reached on an instant-read thermometer. 
 Lentil purée : 
 In a small pot over medium heat, combine the  lentils  and the water. 
 Bring to a simmer, cover, and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, or until  lentils  are tender. 
 Remove from the heat and purée. 
 If ising immediately, let cool. 
 The purée may be stored in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 days or in the freezer for 2 to 3 months. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   cook's note: if desired, a quarter of the whole-wheat flour can be substituted with lentil flour for a denser, stronger flavored cookie. 
 
 ↑   Try substituting Splenda instead 
 
 
 Nutritional information : 
 Nutrition calculated for 1 Serving (25g):
 
 68 Calories | 31 Calories from Fat 31 | 3.5g Total Fat | 2.3g Saturated Fat | 0.2g Polyunsaturated Fat | 0.7g Monounsaturated Fat | 0g Trans Fat | 10mg Cholesterol | 52mg Sodium | 43mg Potassium |  8.5g Total Carbs | 1.3g Dietary Fiber | 4.4g Sugars | 1.3g Protein 
 
 
 
Categories: Coconut Recipes, Cookie Recipes, Dried fruit Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Lentil Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Add category