Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Linda%27s_Puerto_Rican_Lime_Pie


 
 Description : 
 I have been told hundreds of times that this is the best  lime  pie my friends and acquaintances have ever had, and have had requests for it at every pot luck and party. I truly believe that the  limes  from my yard in PR are the reason. They have the most incredible flavor. But another factor is that the filling is slightly tart. The  Sugar  content of most  lime  pies masks the lemony flavor. Your  limes  should be juicy. If not, increase the number of them. My  limes  (actually, "limon") are around 1½ inches in diameter and juicy. You can experiment with yours. Except for the crust which must be regular, not graham cracker (again too sweet), the preparation is simple and quick. The pie contains no  eggs , and will not be stiff. If you prefer a stiffer pie, add an ingredient like "Whip It" to the  cream . The lack of stiffness does not affect the wonderful flavor nor the rave reviews that this pie gets!
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pie crust (regular, not graham cracker) 
 finely shredded  unsweetened chocolate  squares or  cocoa , to sprinkle across top of finished pie (optional) 
 Filling : 
 7 – 8 juicy  limes  (1½ inches in diameter) 
 1 (14 ounces) can  sweetened condensed milk 
 1 pint  whipping cream  (for lower fat option, use non dairy whipped topping in place of  whipping cream ) 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla 
 Directions : 
 Prick bottom of pie shell to prevent a dome from forming. 
 Bake pie crust until golden brown. 
 Cool. 
 In the meantime, squeeze the juice from 7 or 8  limes , and remove the seeds. 
 Whip ½ of the  cream  (½ pint) with the  vanilla , and add it to the  sweetened condensed milk  in a medium sized bowl. 
 Mix gently. 
 Add the  lime juice  and gently stir until completely mixed. 
 Refrigerate for 2 hours. 
 After the crust has completely cooled, pour in the filling. 
 If desired, whip more of the  cream  and cover the top of the pie with a thin layer. 
 bitter  shredded  chocolate  or  cocoa  can be sprinkled on top if desired. 
 Keep the pie refrigerated until served. 
 A few times, i have rolled  pecan  chips into the unbaked crust. 
 People loved the added texture and flavor of the  pecans . 
 
 
 
Categories: Caribbean Desserts, Lime Recipes, Sweetened condensed milk Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Citrus Desserts, Recipes that need photos, Pie Recipes, Add category