Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetable_Samosa


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 Filling:
 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 Pinch  hing  (pre-mixed Indian spice, may be omitted) 
 1/2 teaspoon  cumin / mustard / sesame seed  mixture 
 1 medium  Onion , finely chopped 
 1-tablespoon fresh  coriander leaves 
 ( cilantro ), chopped 
 1/2-tablespoon  amchur  ( mango ) powder or 1 tablespoon  lemon juice 
 1 teaspoon  cumin /coriander powder 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 Pinch of hot red pepper powder 
 3 medium  potatoes , boiled, peeled and cut into very small pieces 
 1/4 cup frozen  Peas  (optional) 
 Dough:
 
 2 cups white  flour 
 2 1/2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 1 1/2 tablespoons  rice flour 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 Or substitute eggroll covers for dough
 
 
 Directions : 
 To make the samosa filling:
Heat  vegetable oil ,  hing  and  cumin / mustard / sesame seed  mixture in a skillet. When the seeds pop, add  Onion  and coriander. Sauté until the  Onion  becomes translucent, then add  amchur  powder or  lemon juice ,  cumin /coriander powder,  salt  and hot red pepper powder. Sauté a few minutes, then add  potatoes  and  Peas . Mix well and sauté just until heated through, then remove from heat and set aside.
 To make the samosa dough:
Mix  flour ,  vegetable oil ,  rice flour  and  salt  in a bowl. Add  water  gradually (about 1/4 cup) until the dough holds together, and knead well. Roll into a ball and cover with a moist cloth. Let rest about 20 minutes.
 To assemble the samosas, break off 1 1/2- to 2-inch pieces of dough and roll out into 6- to 8-inch diameter circles. Cut each circle in half. Fold each half-circle in thirds to make a pie-wedge shape. Seal the point by pressing or pinching. Pick up the dough, and seal the outside edge by pinching to form a cone. Fill the cone two-thirds with  Potato  mixture. Moisten the lip of the cone with a little  milk  or  water , and pinch to seal. Press the samosa between your palms to remove air pockets. Flute the top edge and cover with a moist cloth until ready to fry.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Amchoor Recipes, Asafetida Recipes, Kenyan Recipes, Kenyan Vegetarian, Mango Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Pea Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice flour Recipes, Add category