Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_with_Red_Mole_Sauce

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Ingredients : 
 5 dried  guajillo chiles , cored and seeded 
 5 dried  pasilla chiles , cored and seeded 
 5 dried  ancho chiles , cored and seeded 
 Extra virgin  olive oil 
 4 large, ripe  plum tomatoes , roughly chopped 
 ½  Spanish onion , roughly chopped 
 4  garlic  cloves, quartered 
 1 cup  raisins 
 ½ teaspoon  cumin 
 ½ teaspoon  oregano 
 ½ teaspoon  marjoram 
 1 tablespoon  black peppercorns 
 ¼ teaspoon  cinnamon 
 4 whole  cloves 
 ½ to ¾ cup  chicken stock 
 1 teaspoon  salt , plus more to taste 
 1 tablespoon  sesame oil  or  olive oil , plus more to taste 
 1 ounce  dark chocolate 
 Directions : 
 Loosely tear the  dried chiles , making sure to discard any remaining seeds. 
 In a heavy skillet toast all 15 chiles in batches over moderate heat until they release their aroma, 15 to 20 seconds. 
 Take care not to burn them. Remove them and soak them in  water  for 15 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, lightly coat the same skillet with olive  oil  and saute the  tomatoes ,  onion ,  garlic  and  raisins  until the skins of the  tomatoes  begin to peel off and the  onion  softens, about 5 minutes. 
 In a smaller pan, heat the dried herbs and spices ( cumin  through cloves) until they release their aromas, less than a minute. 
 Place the rehydrated chiles, cooked vegetables, spices, half of the  chicken stock  and  salt  into a food processor or blender. 
 Purée the mixture until is smooth. Strain the sauce through a sieve. 
 Heat the sesame or olive  oil  in skillet. Add the mole sauce and stir in the  chocolate . 
 When the  chocolate  melts, stir in  salt  and extra broth to desired consistency and taste. 
 Serve warm with shredded sautéd  chicken  breast. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ancho chile Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Dark chocolate Recipes, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tomato Recipes, World Recipes, Add category