Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beet_Soup_with_Sage_and_Shallots

Ingredients : 
 1 bunch small organic beets (about 4 or 5 beets) 
 (leave the stems on up to 2 or 3 inches, but wash well around them) 
 assorted leftover cruciferous veggie stems (optional, I used  broccoli  and  cauliflower  stems peeled) 
 ½ cup  rice vinegar  (unsweetened) 
 one day, or a few hours (optional) 
 4  sage  leaves 
 ½ cup white  zinfandel   or  other  white wine 
 2 large  shallot  cloves 
 4 small cloves  garlic 
 1 tbsp  canola oil 
 salt 
 pepper , fresh crushed 
 few drops  maple syrup 
 2 tbsp  crème fraîche  (similar to  sour cream ) 
 Directions : 
 Thickly slice the beets and simmer in  water  ~30 minutes until cooked. 
 Include the stems of leftover cruciferous veggies in this simmer. 
 Strain and place in a bowl with ½ c  rice vinegar  and  water  to cover. 
 Let sit overnight in the refrigerator, or for as long as you can. 
 Use the  beet  leaves for making a green veggie to eat. 
 The next day, or later: strain the beets from this liquid, place in a food processor with  sage  leaves (stems removed). 
 Process, adding a little wine or  water  as needed (discard the  vinegar , or save it for the next batch of vinegared beets, in the fridge). 
 Slice the shallots and  garlic . 
 Saute in a little of the  canola oil , with the shallots first, then later add the  garlic  (in order to avoid overtoasting the  garlic ). 
 After about 4 or 5 minutes, add the wine. 
 Simmer a minute or two. 
 Add this mixture to the food processor and continue processing. 
 It is nicer if some graininess remains, but a fine graininess. 
 Place this mixture back in a pan. 
 Add about 1 or 2 cups of hot  water , remaining  canola oil , and  salt  (¼ tsp) and  pepper  to taste. 
 Stir and simmer a few minutes, add 3 drops  maple syrup . 
 Pour into 2 regular or 1 large wide soup bowl, leave room on top. 
 Top with 1 or 2 tbsp  crème fraîche , and stir in well. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beet Soup Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Crème fraîche Recipes, Locto Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Sage Recipes, Shallot Recipes, White Zinfandel Recipes, Add category