Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Acorn_Squash_stuffed_with_Wild_Rice_Walnuts_and_Hickory-baked_Tofu#Notes

Ingredients : 
 4 medium  acorn squash   [1]  (about 1¼ pounds each), cut in half 
 ¼ tsp  salt , plus additional to taste 
 freshly ground  pepper 
 freshly ground  nutmeg 
 4 tbsp  butter  (divided) 
 1½ cup uncooked  wild rice  blend or  wild rice 
 3¼ cup  vegetable  or  chicken broth 
 2 cup  water 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 large  yellow onion  (about 12 ounces) 
 2 large cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 large ribs  celery , minced 
 1 large  carrot , finely chopped 
 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  sage  leaves 
 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh  thyme  leaves 
 ½ cup minced fresh  parsley 
 1 x (8-ounce) package hickory-baked  tofu , cut into ¼ inch dice 
 ¾ cup chopped  walnuts  or  pecans , toasted  [2] 
 ¾ cup sweetened dried  cranberries 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Cut each  squash  in half crosswise. 
 Scoop out and discard the seeds and strings. 
 If necessary, trim the top and bottom so the  squash  will sit level, and place cut side up on a rimmed baking sheet. 
 If the  squash  is too hard to trim the top and bottom, do it after the  squash  is cooked. 
 Sprinkle each half with a little  salt ,  pepper  and  nutmeg  to taste. 
 Cut 2 tablespoons of  butter  into 8 pieces and dot each  squash  half. 
 Cover the pan with foil and bake until  squash  is just moist and tender, about 45 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, combine the  rice , broth, ¼ teaspoon  salt  and the 2 cups  water  in a medium saucepan. 
 Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. 
 Reduce the heat to simmer, partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the  rice  is tender, about 40 minutes. 
 Drain  rice  if there is still a lot of liquid in the pan. 
 In a 10 inch saute pan, heat the  olive oil  over medium heat. 
 Swirl to coat the pan and saute the  onion ,  garlic ,  celery  and  carrot  until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. 
 Cover the pan, adjust the heat to medium-low and cook the vegetables until crisp-tender, 5 minutes longer. 
 Add the  sage ,  thyme  and  parsley  and saute 1 more minute. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 In a large bowl, combine the cooked  rice , sauteed vegetables,  tofu ,  nuts  and  cranberries . 
 Taste and add more  salt  and  pepper , and other seasonings, if needed. 
 Mound the  rice  evenly into each  squash  half. 
 Cut remaining 2 tablespoons  butter  into 8 pieces and dot  squash  halves. 
 Cover the pan with foil and bake until  rice  mixture is heated through, about 20 minutes. 
 Make ahead: make the entire dish ahead, wrap each stuffed  squash  in foil and refrigerate up to 3 days. 
 Reheat uncovered in the microwave for about 5 minutes, or bake uncovered at 350 °F for about 20 minutes. 
 Optional seasoning: if you like a curried or  cumin  flavor, season the  rice  to taste with  curry  powder or ground  cumin , and add only 1 tablespoon of  sage  and 1 tablespoon of  thyme . 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   You can also stuff your favorite  squash , such as  delicata ,  sweet dumpling  or  buttercup . If you have stuffing left over, heat and serve as a side dish or use it in stuffed  bell peppers . 
 
 ↑   To toast  nuts , heat in a dry skillet over medium heat until they start to brown. Stir occasionally. Be careful not to scorch them. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Acorn squash Recipes, Buttercup squash Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Delicata squash Recipes, Dried cranberry Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category