Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pink_Crepes


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 	 medium fresh  beet , washed, topped, unpeeled 
 1 	cup  cake flour 
 1/2 	teaspoon  salt 
 3 	large  eggs 
 2 	tablespoons  butter , very soft 
 1 	cup  milk 
 Filling
 
 7-8 	ounces  cream cheese 
 4 	tablespoons very finely chopped spring  onions 
 1 	tablespoon very finely chopped fresh  parsley 
 1/2 	teaspoon  salt 
 1/2 	teaspoon  garlic , finely chopped 
 1/4 	cup  milk 
 Directions : 
 Cook the  beet  until tender, and cool. When peeled, the  beet  I used weighed about 3 oz or 80/90 grams. 
 Cut up the  beet  and put in processor. Add the  flour ,  salt ,  eggs  and  butter , and whizz. 
 First add 1/2 cup  milk , then more, until you have a thin pancake batter consistency. 
 (The amount of  milk  might depend on how dry the  beet  was and the size of the  eggs . If using smaller  eggs  you might need more than 1 cup  milk ). 
 Whizz in blender until very smooth. You'll have just under 3 cups liquid. 
 Pour into a jug or bowl, cover, and leave in fridge for at least 1 hour. 
 FILLING: Scrape the  cream cheese  into a bowl, and add all the flavourings except the  milk . 
 Normally you will find the mixture too stiff to use as a filling, so add  milk  little by little, until you have a satisfactory consistency for a filling: easy to scoop out but not runny. 
 Cover and refrigerate until needed. 
 CREPES: Use a small crepe pan. The smallest I have is 6"/15 cm in diameter. 
 Heat over medium heat. If not non-stick, keep  butter  handy and grease pan with  butter . 
 If the batter has thickened on standing, add a tiny bit more  milk . 
 Use 2 - 3 tablespoons batter per crepe: you want to aim for thin crepes. Swirl the batter to the edges of the pan so the crepes are of even thickness. 
 Watch—and when the last raw swirl of batter on top starts to firm, turn crepe. Give it about 10 seconds on the other side, then slide out on to a plate. 
 Stack them on this plate as you continue. 
 You should get about 12 crepes if your pan diameter is 6"/15 cm. 
 The fillimg is enough for six of these crepes. If you wish to use all the crepes, double the filling ingredients. 
 Use the filling sparingly as it is rich. Fold crepe over. Decorate with a sprig of spring  Onion  and some  parsley  or salad leaves. A tiny bit of julienned  carrots  will also look good, or a few thinly sliced  lemon  rind strips. 
 Serve warm or at room temperature. 
 Leftover crepes can be covered and frozen. 
 In this case  cream cheese  really is a better bet than a low-fat  cottage cheese , as it makes a big difference to the taste. 
 If you wish to use a FLAVOURED  cream cheese , that is fine. (I used the  green onion  flavoured one). One heaped tablespoon filling should be enough per crepe. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chadian Recipes, Chadian Appetizers, Cottage cheese Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Beet Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category