Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Fatah

Description : 
 A thick stew with mini-dumplings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ kilo of  chicken  (1½ large chickens) skinned and cut in pieces 
 1 large  onion 
 4 cloves of  garlic 
 1 small can of  tomato paste 
 ½ teaspoon each  black pepper ,  cumin  powder 
 a pinch of  red pepper  (or to taste) 
 1 rounded tablespoon crushed  oregano  leaves (or  zatar ) 
 1 tablespoon  sugar 
 chicken broth  (or bouillon cubes with  water ) 
 2 – 3  carrots , peeled and chopped 
 1  zucchini , chopped (optional) 
 2 large  tomatoes , chopped 
 a handful of freshly chopped  parsley ,  cilantro  or coriander 
 ⅔ cup white  flour 
 ⅔ cup  brown flour 
 2 tablespoons  baking powder 
 4 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 ½ cup prepared  milk 
 Directions : 
 In a medium-large saucepan, saute the  onion  and  garlic  in a small amount of  oil , until the  onions  are slightly browned. 
 Add the  chicken , spices,  sugar , and  tomato  paste and saute while stirring over heat for a minute or two. 
 Add  chicken broth  to fill the saucepan up an inch or two over the  chicken  pieces. 
 Add the chopped  carrots ,  tomatoes ,  parsley  and  zucchini  (optional). 
 Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer until the  chicken  is fully cooked. 
 Add  salt  to taste. 
 Prepare dough for the dumplings: mix the white and brown flours with the  baking powder . 
 Add the  oil  and  milk . 
 Stir with a fork just until mixed; do not over mix the dough. 
 Handling a third of the dough at a time, roll on a lightly floured surface until thin. 
 Cut in small squares, approximately 2 cm by 2 cm. 
 When the  chicken  is fully cooked, "throw" the mini-dumplings in the pot. 
 Stir gently, just a little, to cover the dumplings in the liquid. 
 Add more  chicken broth  or  salt , if needed. 
 The final product should be a thick stew, neither dry nor watery. 
 Simmer another 10 minutes, or until the dumplings are cooked. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Omani Meat Dishes, Stew Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category