Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tah_Cheen

Description : 
 Persian Chicken.  Tah Cheen  (or tah chin), means "arranged at the bottom of the pot" in Persian. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 (2.25 lbs) whole chickens 
 1 lb  basmati rice 
 10 ounces plain non-fat  yogurt 
 ½ teaspoon  saffron 
 2 large  onions 
 3  egg yolks 
 cooking  oil 
 salt  (to taste) 
 black pepper  (to taste) 
 Directions : 
 Wash  rice  and soak it in warm  water  (with added  salt ) for 2 hours, then filter out the  water . 
 Chop  onions  thinly and fry in  oil  until slightly golden. 
 Wash and cut  chicken , remove skin, and fry in  onions  until color changes. 
 Add some  water  and bring to boil. 
 Reduce heat and simmer slowly until cooked, adding more  water  if needed, then remove the bones. 
 While  chicken  is cooking, beat the  yogurt  until it is smooth. 
 Dissolve  saffron  in half a cup of hot  water . 
 Add  saffron ,  salt ,  pepper  and  egg yolks  to the  yogurt  and mix very well. 
 Pour a few glasses of  water  in a large pot and bring to boil. 
 Pour in  rice  and cook while stirring occasionally until  rice  grows longer and slightly softens (take care not to overcook the  rice , it should still be too hard for eating); again filter out the  water . 
 Pour several spoons of  oil  and several spoons of the  yogurt  mix into a non-stick pot. 
 Add a thin layer of  rice  and flatten using the back of a spoon; add a layer of  chicken  on top followed by another layer of  rice , then flatten the  rice . 
 Spread several more spoons of the  yogurt  mix on the  rice . 
 Continue in this fashion until  chicken ,  rice  and the  yogurt  mix have been used up, then add some more  oil  on top. 
 Put the lid on and cook for about 5 minutes over medium heat. 
 Place the pot in an oven (preheated to 250°F) and cook for 1. 
 5 to 2 hours (note that the longer tah chin is cooked, the thicker the tah dig- delicious crispy layer of  rice  at the bottom- will be). 
 When cooked, remove the lid and let cool for a few minutes. 
 Place an inverted large dish over the pot and turn it over. 
 Tap the pot in order to loosen the contents inside (the contents should fall on the dish in one piece with the tah dig on the outside). 
 
 
 
Categories: Persian Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Basmati rice Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category