Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Potato_and_Sage_Fritters

Description : 
 Recipe courtesy Michael Chiarello
 
 Show:  Easy Entertaining with Michael Chiarello 
 Episode:  Game Night 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Sponge : 
 ¼ cup warm water 
 2 tablespoons  all-purpose flour 
 ½ envelope (1⅛ teaspoon)  active dry yeast 
 Fritters : 
 1 pound  russet potatoes , peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes 
 cold water 
 1 tablespoon + 2 teaspoons  sea salt 
 2 large  eggs 
 ½ cup extra-virgin  olive oil 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh  sage  leaves 
 2 teaspoons freshly grated  lemon zest 
 ½ teaspoon coarsely ground  black pepper 
 4 to 6 cups  peanut oil , for deep-frying 
 Directions : 
 Sponge : 
 In a small bowl, combine the water, flour and yeast. 
 Mix well and set aside in a warm place until yeasty-smelling and covered in very small bubbles, about 45 minutes. 
 Fritters : 
 In a medium saucepan, cover the potatoes with cold water. 
 Bring the water to a boil over high heat, add 1 tablespoon of sea salt. 
 Reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook until the potatoes are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. 
 Drain and mash the potatoes with a fork. 
 Allow them to cool. 
 In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs and olive oil until thoroughly combined. 
 In a bowl, combine cooled potatoes with the sponge, flour, sage, lemon zest, pepper, and 2 teaspoons of salt. 
 Mix to evenly distribute the ingredients. 
 Add the egg mixture to potato mixture, and stir until thoroughly combined. 
 Use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl. 
 You should have a thick, sticky batter. 
 Add a bit more flour, if needed. 
 Cover the bowl with a towel and set aside in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, for 1½ to 2 hours. 
 Heat the oil in a deep-fryer to 375°F. 
 Scoop 1 tablespoon of the risen batter at a time, and use another spoon to scrape it into the hot oil. Don't crowd the fryer. 
 Fry fritters until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes, turning them over occasionally. 
 Drain the fritters on paper towels to absorb any excess oil. 
 Sprinkle with sat and serve warm. 
 Entertaining tip : 
 You can fry up a couple of batches of these an hour before your guests arrive and simply heat them again in a 300°F oven before serving. Or keep warm in a 250°F oven after making them. The fritters are great alone but they are equally great with a couple of dipping sauces.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Appetizer Recipes, Snack Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Sage Recipes, Egg Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Michael Chiarello Recipes, Add category