Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Corned_Beef_with_Vegetables

Description : 
 This simply prepared meal would take over 3 hours without the use of a pressure cooker.
 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Source:  Quick Cuisine Pressure Cooker Cookbook 
 75 Minutes 
 Makes 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1  corned beef  brisket, about 2½ to 3 pounds, trimmed of excess fat and rinsed 
 4 cups  water 
 1 medium  onion , peeled, halved and stuck with 4 whole cloves 
 2 ribs  celery , cut into thirds 
 4 sprigs  parsley 
 ½ teaspoon whole  black peppercorns 
 2  bay leaves 
 1 medium head  green cabbage , cut into 6 wedges and partially cored (leave enough to retain shape) 
 6 small  red potatoes 
 6 medium  carrots , peeled and cut into thirds 
 Directions : 
 Place brisket in a 5-quart or larger pressure cooker. 
 Add  water  and bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Skim foam from surface. 
 Add  onion ,  celery ,  parsley , peppercorns and  bay leaves . 
 Close lid and bring pressure to second red ring over high heat. 
 Adjust heat to stabilize pressure at second red ring (15psi). 
 Cook for 1 hour. 
 Remove from heat and use cold  water  release method. 
 Remove brisket and vegetables. 
 Add  cabbage ,  potatoes  and  carrots  to broth. 
 Do not fill over ⅔ full. 
 If necessary, remove some broth. 
 Close lid and bring pressure to second red ring over high heat. 
 Adjust heat to stabilize pressure at second red ring (15psi). 
 Cook for 5 to 7 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and use cold  water  release method. 
 Cut brisket across the grain into thin slices and arrange down the center of a warm platter. 
 Using a slotted spoon, remove vegetables from pressure cooker and place around corned  beef . 
 Spoon a few tablespoons of broth over the corned  beef . 
 Serve with horseradish or  mustard  sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Corned beef Recipes, Beef brisket Recipes, Green cabbage Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Onion Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, Add category