Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Smoked_Salmon_Cheesecake

Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup grated  Parmigiano-Reggiano  cheese 
 1 cup fine dry  breadcrumbs 
 ½ cup melted  unsalted butter 
 spice essence 
 Filling : 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 1 cup finely chopped  onion 
 ½ cup Brunoise  red peppers 
 ½ cup Brunoise  yellow peppers 
 2 teaspoons minced  garlic 
 2 lbs  cream cheese , at room temperature 
 4 large  eggs 
 ½ cup  heavy cream 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 1 teaspoon fresh  black pepper 
 1 cup grated  smoked gouda  cheese 
 1 lb  smoked salmon 
 ¼ cup finely chopped fresh  parsley  leaves 
 Garnish : 
 1 cup  crème fraîche 
 1  lemon, juice of 
 2 tablespoons chopped  chives 
 To serve : 
 ¼ cup Brunoise  red onions 
 ¼ cup  capers 
 1 hard-boiled  egg , white and yolk separated and finely chopped 
 1 (7.00 ounces) can black  caviar 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F . 
 In a 10-inch spring-form pan, combine the Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs and melted butter together. 
 Blend thoroughly and season the mixture with essence. 
 Firmly press the mixture into the bottom of the pan. 
 Filling : 
 In a sauté pan, over medium heat, heat the olive oil until the olive oil is hot; add the onions and peppers. 
 Season the mixture with essence. 
 Saute the vegetables for 2 minutes. 
 Stir in the garlic and remove from the heat and cool completely. 
 Using a food processor, fitted with a metal blade, add the cream cheese. 
 Process the cheese until smooth. 
 With the machine running, add the eggs, one at a time. 
 Add the cream, salt and black pepper. 
 Process the mixture until incorporated. 
 Remove the mixture from the machine and turn into a mixing bowl. 
 Fold the vegetable mixture, gouda cheese, smoked salmon and parsley into the cheese mixture. 
 Re-season the mixture if needed. 
 Pour the cheese mixture into the prepared pan. 
 Place the pan on the middle rack in the oven. 
 Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until the cheesecake is set in the center. 
 Remove the cheesecake from the oven and cool completely before slicing. 
 Garnish : 
 In a small mixing bowl, whisk the crème fraîche and lemon juice together. 
 Season the mixture with salt and pepper. 
 Fold in the chives. 
 To serve : 
 Place a small pool of the sauce in the center of each plate. 
 Lay one piece of the cheesecake in the center of the sauce. 
 Garish each plate with the red onions, capers, egg whites, egg yolks, caviar and parsley. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Onion Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Smoked gouda Recipes, Smoked salmon Recipes, Crème fraîche Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Caper Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Add category