Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cachupa_Rica_di_Nha_Augustinha


 
 Description : 
 Nha Augustinha - Maria Augustina Faria Lima 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups of  corn 
 1 cup large dry lima beans 
 1/2 cup dry stone beans (feijao pedra) 
 1/4 cup dry  red kidney beans 
 1 lb. lean  salt   Pork  meat 
 1 pig's foot (split) if desired 
 1/2 lb chorico  Sausage  (or other smoked  garlic   Sausage ) 
 1 whole, uncut blood pudding  Sausage  (if desired) 
 1 small  cabbage  cut in quarters 
 1 - 2 cups big pieces of hard winter  Squash  (if desired) 
 6  garlic  buds (or more to taste) 
 2 seeded ripe  tomatoes 
 2 laurel  bay leaves 
 1  Chicken  bouillon cube (or substitute  chicken stock  for as much of the liquid as possible) 
 1/2 c.  olive oil 
 midge cutchido, dried and hulled cracked  corn  also commercially available in the U.S. as samp or yellow or  white corn   groats . 
 Directions : 
 Wash all  corn  and dry beans. In a heavy large kettle (10 quart) boil  corn  for 10 minutes and carefully discard froth which collects on the top. Add dry beans, 1  bay leaf  and 2 tablespoons of  olive oil . Bring to a boil. Lower heat enough to maintain a steady but slow boil. 
 Add  salt   Pork . If you are using pig's feet add at this time. Leave cover slightly ajar. Throughout cooking make certain liquid covers the  corn  and beans. Use at least 4 quarts of  water  or stock. After the mixture has boiled for the first hour add any  Pork  meat and  Sausage . Cook partially covered at a very gentle boil over low heat for an additional one and one half (1 1/2) hours. 
 Reforgado 
 Saute  onions ,  garlic , chopped seeded  tomato  or  tomato  paste in  oil  until very soft. Add the second  bay leaf . Add the mixture to the kettle when the cachupa has about one hour of cooking time left. Correct seasoning by carefully adding  salt  and  pepper  to taste. If adding  Squash  do so when there is about 1/2 hour cooking time remaining. Remember that  Squash  will continue to cook even after the kettle has been removed from the heat. 
 A few Cape Verdean cooks will even add a cup of canned or fresh  Tuna  to the sauteed  Onion ,  garlic  and  tomatoes  to enhance the flavor of the stew. But generally one prepares either a meat cachupa or a cachupa (cachupa di peixe). 
 Serving 
 For best results let cachupa sit covered and off the flame for at least twenty minutes before serving. The spices and  salt  will be absorbed into the  corn , bean and the "gravy" will take on its special texture. Arrange the meats and vegetables on a large platter and serve the  corn  and beans from a bowl. Some folks may want to individually drizzle a little tabasco or piri-piri sauce on top. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cabbage Recipes, Cape Verdean Meat Dishes, Cape Verdean Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Corn Recipes, Fish Recipes, Lima bean Recipes, Add category