Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boston_Market_Sweet_Potato_Casserole


 Prep Time: 10 Minutes 
 Cook time: 60 Minutes 
 Serves: 8 
 
 Description : 
 The brown sugar, cream, marshmallows and oatmeal streusel gives this casserole a taste similar to sweet potato pie, yet the dish goes great alongside meals as varied as low-key chicken dinners or festive holiday banquets. And the great part is, if you’re planning to use this for entertaining, you can make everything but the streusel a day ahead so you won’t be stressed at crunch time. Just cover the filled baking dish and pop it in the fridge. Take it out a few hours before you plan to bake it so the casserole can come close to room temperature, then you simply make your streusel and pop the whole thing in the oven.
 
 Secret Restaurant Recipes 
 Ingredients : 
 6 cups mashed  sweet potatoes  (5 to 6 potatoes-see step #1) 
 ¾ cup  dark brown sugar 
 ½ cup  heavy cream 
 ¼ cup melted  butter 
 ¼ teaspoon  cinnamon 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 2 cups mini  marshmallows 
 Oatmeal Streusel : 
 ½ cup  rolled oats 
 4 tablespoons  dark brown sugar 
 2 tablespoon  all-purpose flour 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 4 tablespoons cold  butter 
 Directions : 
 Rub a little vegetable oil on the skin of each sweet potato and bake them in a preheated 400 degree oven for 60 to 70 minutes or until they are tender. 
 When the potatoes are cool enough to handle, scrape out the insides and use an electric mixer on high speed to beat the potatoes until they are mashed and smooth. 
 Measure exactly 6 cups of the mashed sweet potato into a large bowl. 
 Add ¾ cup brown sugar, heavy cream, melted butter, ¼ teaspoon cinnamon, and salt into the sweet potatoes and mix well with the beater until all the ingredients are incorporated. 
 Pour this mixture into an 8×8-inch baking dish. 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F . 
 Oatmeal Streusel : 
 Make the oatmeal streusel by grinding the rolled oats to a fine flour using a food processor. 
 A blender will also work. 
 Combine the oat flour with 4 tablespoons brown sugar, all-purpose flour, and ¼ teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl. 
 Cut the cold butter into the dry mixture using a pastry knife or a fork. 
 You should have a crumbly mixture with pea-size bits. 
 Sprinkle this oatmeal streusel over the sweet potato mixture and pop it into the oven for 70 to 80 minutes or until the top begins to brown slightly. 
 When you remove the casserole from the oven immediately spread the marshmallows over the top. 
 Let this sit for about 10 minutes. 
 The heat from the casserole will melt the marshmallows, and then it’s ready to serve. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fd/Sweetpotatocasserole.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121218194711']
Categories: Casserole Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Marshmallow Recipes, Add category