Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Authentic_Dum_Aloo

Description : 
 This recipe is from a Kashmiri kitchen.
 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 Serving size: 3 – 4 people 
 Ingredients : 
 10 small rounded  potatoes 
 1½  chili powder 
 salt  to taste 
 1 tsp  ginger  powder 
 3 laung /  cloves 
 1  cinnamon  / dalchini stick or ½ tsp cinnamon powder / dalchini 
 2 big black elaichi /  cardamom 
 2 small elaichi / cardamom 
 ½ tsp  fennel powder 
 3 – 4 tbsp of  yogurt 
 2 cups of  water 
 ½ zeera /  cumin  seed 
 pinch of heeng /  asafetida  and oil for frying 
 Directions : 
 Boil potatoes completely soaked in water in a wider pan for 10 minutes or longer till you see skin can easily be peeled. 
 After peeling the skin, prick the ollu all over with knitting needle or tooth prick or fork or tip of knife. 
 Deep fry ollu till reddish brown and put aside. 
 Take 3 tbsp of oil in a pressure cooker or pan. 
 Add chili powder and heeng to oil and sauté. 
 Add 3 spoons of yogurt and stir till yogurt dissolves in oil and forms into a thick chili paste. 
 Add salt ginger powder, fennel powder ; cinnamon, crushed laung /cloves and crushed big black elaichi to yogurt chili mixture. 
 Add potatoes to chili mixture. 
 Add 2 cups of water or more till all the potatoes are completely dipped in water. 
 Pressure cook for ten minutes and simmer for another five minutes. 
 Open the cooker when pressure drops in cooker. 
 Check for water consistency. 
 If too much water is left, boil till only a little water is left. 
 Turn off the stove. 
 Crush green cardamom / elaichi and cumin / zeera. 
 Sprinkle the crushed massala over potatoes and cover. 
 Serve dum aloo warm. 
 Notes : 
 Left over can be stored in fridge and used next day after warming. 
 If cooking in a pan, add 2 – 3 cups of water and boil for 5 minutes and simmer at a low flame till water is absorbed. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Kashmiri Vegetarian, Potato Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category