Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vatapa_Fish_Soup_with_Coconut_Milk


 Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  dende oil  (or use  safflower oil ) 
 1 large  onion  finely chopped 
 3  garlic  cloves minced 
 1 tbsp grated  fresh ginger 
 4 small  jalapeno chiles  stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped 
 6  plum tomatoes  peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped 
 juice of 2  limes 
 ⅓ cup  dried shrimp  ground to a powder 
 ⅓ cup  cashew  or  peanut butter 
 2 cups  chicken stock , homemade (or best-quality canned  chicken stock ) 
 2 cup  coconut milk 
 ½ bunch  cilantro , leaves only finely chopped 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 dash  tabasco sauce  or to taste 
 2 lb  fish  fillets bones, skin removed, cut into 1" cubes 
 1 lb large cooked  shrimp  cut ½" chunks 
 6  cilantro  sprigs - (to 8) for garnish (optional) 
 2  limes  cut into wedges 
 Directions : 
 In a large stock pot, heat the  dende oil  over medium-low heat. 
 Add the  onion ,  garlic ,  ginger , and chiles. 
 Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are well softened. 
 Add the  tomatoes ,  lime juice , ground  shrimp , and  cashew   butter  and stir together for 1 minute more. 
 Begin adding the  chicken stock , ½ cup at a time, stirring all the time to keep the mixture smooth. 
 Add the  coconut milk ,  cilantro ,  salt , and tabasco. 
 When ready to serve, brush a very large, deep skillet or saucepan with a little  oil  and place in the fish in a single layer. 
 Place the pan over medium-low heat and, when it just begins to sizzle, pour in the broth mixture and slowly bring up to a simmer. 
 Cook for about 8 minutes, or until the fish is opaque, adding the  shrimp  for the last 2 minutes of simmering time. 
 Distribute the fish evenly among 6 or 8 bowls. 
 Taste the broth for seasoning and pour over the fish. 
 Squeeze a wedge of  lime  over each bowl and drop it in. 
 Garnish with  cilantro  sprigs, if desired, and serve. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3d/Vatapa.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004739']
Categories: Brazilian Soups, Cashew butter Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Dried shrimp Recipes, Fish Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Add category