Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Edikang_Ikong_Soup


 
 Description : 
 A famous Nigerian soup, particularly indigenous to the Efiks and thoroughly enjoyed and appreciated amongst connoisseurs and lovers of good food all over the country. 
 
 Serves 4. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 kg / 2 lb assorted meats ( beef ,  oxtail ,  tripe ,  ponmo ,  bokoto  and  bushmeat ) 
 4  snails  (washed with  lemon  and  limes ) 
 450 g / 1 lb  stockfish  (pre-soaked) 
 450 g / 1 lb dry  fish  (thoroughly washed) 
 450 g / 1 lb  periwinkles  (topped and tailed) 
 225 g / 8 oz whole  dry prawns  (cleaned) 
 225 g / 8 oz ground  crayfish 
 1 medium  onion 
 1.35 kg / 3 lb fresh ugwu  pumpkin leaves  (washed and shredded) 
 1 kg / 2 lb fresh  waterleaf  (prepared and washed) 
 200 ml  palm oil 
 600 ml / 1 pt  stock 
 salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Wash the meat thoroughly and place in a large pot. 
 Add some sliced  onions , ground chillies and some stock. 
 Place on heat and cook for 30 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, remove the snail from shells and wash, rubbing with  lime  or  lemon juice  to remove slime. 
 Wash the smoked dry fish with  salt  and soak in slightly salted water for 5 minutes to kill any insects and loosen any sand or grit. 
 Rinse thoroughly with lots of cold  water . 
 Top and tail the  periwinkles  and wash thoroughly. 
 Add the snails, stockfish, dry fish, dry prawns and  periwinkles  to the pot of meat and cook for a further 10 minutes, adding more stock if required. 
 Finally add the shredded ugwu  pumpkin leaves  and  waterleaf , mix in properly. 
 Allow to simmer for 15 minutes, then add the  crayfish  and palm oil. 
 Give it a good stir and gently simmer for another 10 minutes until well blended and the aroma fills the kitchen. 
 Remove from heat and serve hot with fufu or pounded  yam . 
 
 
 
Categories: Nigerian Meat Dishes, Nigerian Soups, Crayfish Recipes, Snail Recipes, Dried shrimp Recipes, Cod Recipes, Periwinkle Recipes, Pumpkin leaf Recipes, Tripe Recipes, Beef Recipes, Oxtail Recipes, Ceylon spinach Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category