Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Georgian_Roasted_Chicken

Description : 
 Inducing an international combination of real herbs, spices, and vegetables into the fresh chicken before roasting, this imperial poultry dish is great for lunch or dinner and delivers a golden and bold aroma that it relishes.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tsp.  paprika 
 1 tsp.  sage , ground 
 ½ tsp.  dry mustard 
 1 tsp.  black pepper 
 1 tsp.  thyme  ground 
 2  garlic  cloves finely minced 
 1 tbsp.  onion , finely minced 
 2 tsp.  salt 
 ½ tsp.  red pepper flakes 
 4 tbsp.  ginger  root thinly sliced 
 ¼ tsp.  lemon rind  finely grated 
 1 x 7 – 8 lb. fresh roasting chicken,  hen , or  capon 
 ½  onion , chopped, red, white, or yellow only 
 2  carrot , julienned 
 1  celery  rib sliced 
 ½  green bell pepper , cored, seeded, and julienned 
 1 tbsp.  butter 
 1 tsp.  lemon juice 
 Directions : 
 Mix the spices together in a bowl and set aside. In the chest and body cavities of the bird, you will find some fatty deposits. 
 Remove these and set them aside. In a large skillet render the bird's fat until approximately 1 tablespoon remains. 
 Add the  butter , ½ teaspoon of the spice mixture, and the  ginger . 
 Saute for 2 – 3 minutes, remove form the pan, and drain the  ginger , and set aside. 
 Separate but do not remove the skin from the bird. 
 Inside the skin, place the cooled  ginger  mixture. 
 Be sure to do all sides of the bird with this mixture. 
 Take the vegetables, mix them together with the  lemon juice  and the remaining spice mixture and stuff the 2 body cavities with them. 
 Preheat the oven to 250°F place the bird into a large roasting pan and roast for 4½ – 5 hours uncovered. Serve hot and plain or with other main dishes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Dry mustard Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sage Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Onion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Poultry Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, World Recipes, Herb Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, European Recipes, Asian Recipes, Euro-Asian Recipes, Georgian Recipes, Fruit juice Recipes, Add category