Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crillo_de_Pollo

Description : 
 This  chicken  and vegetable soup is an Argentinean classic. It is as thick as a stew and as creamy as a bisque. 
 
 6 servings 
 1 hour 10 minutes 5 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large  onions , coarsely chopped 
 3½  chicken  breasts, cut into 4 pieces 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  pepper 
 4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ½ teaspoon dried  thyme  leaves, crushed 
 2  bay leaves 
 8 cups  chicken stock 
 3 large  russet potatoes , peeled cut into chunks 
 6  carrots , cut into 2-inch 
 3 ears  corn , cut into 3-inch 
 1  egg yolk , beaten 
 ½ cup  cream 
 2 teaspoons  arrowroot  (optional) 
 2 tablespoons minced  parsley 
 1 tablespoon minced  cilantro 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 400 °F. 
 Spread half of the  onions  in a large, deep baking dish. 
 Place  chicken  on top. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Sprinkle  garlic ,  thyme  and  bay leaves  over  chicken . 
 Spread remaining  onions  on top; drizzle with 1 cup stock. 
 Roast uncovered for 30 minutes, or until  chicken  turns golden around the edges. 
 Place  chicken  (remove skin, if desired),  onions ,  garlic  and herbs in a 6-quart soup pot. 
 Deglaze roasting pan with some  water  or stock and add to the pot. 
 Add the remaining stock and the  potatoes  to the pot. 
 Simmer for 15 minutes, then add the  carrots  and  corn . 
 Simmer for 25 minutes. 
 Using a wide fork, roughly mash at least 4 of the "falling apart"  potato  chunks to help thicken the soup. 
 Beat  egg yolk  into the  cream , then beat in ½ cup of the stock from the soup pot. 
 Blend in the  arrowroot  if you want a thicker soup. 
 Pour the  cream  mixture back into the soup, stirring until well-blended. 
 Just before serving, add the minced  parsley  and  cilantro . 
 Ladle into wide, deep soup bowls. 
 Make sure each bowl has a chunk of  potato , a piece of  chicken , a couple of  carrots  and a piece of  corn . 
 
 
 
Categories: Argentine Meat Dishes, Arrowroot Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Corn Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Potato Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Add category