Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Catfish_Garden_Salad


 
 Description : 
 A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets 
 1 medium  red onion , halved lengthwise 
 1 medium  red bell pepper , halved lengthwise, seeds and membrane removed 
 1 medium  yellow bell pepper , halved lengthwise, seeds and membrane removed 
 10  asparagus  stalks 
 ½ large (or 1 medium)  eggplant , top removed, sliced lengthwise into 1-inch strips 
 1 medium  zucchini , top removed, halved lengthwise 
 1 ear  corn , husk and silk removed 
 1 bag pre-cut  lettuce 
 Balsamic-garlic marinade/dressing : 
 ½ cup  balsamic vinegar 
 ½ cup  olive oil 
 ¼ cup  water 
 1 and ½ tablespoons  Dijon mustard 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon course ground  black pepper 
 4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 Directions : 
 Balsamic-garlic marinade/dressing : 
 Combine marinade/dressing ingredients in a jar with a tight-fitting lid. 
 Screw the lid on tightly and shake to blend. 
 Catfish : 
 Preheat grill to medium-high heat. 
 In quart-sized resealable bag, marinate  catfish  fillets in one-fourth of the marinade/dressing; shake vigorously and marinate in refrigerator for at least 15 minutes. 
 Split vegetables (except  lettuce ) between two separate gallon-sized resealable bags, add one-fourth of the marinade/dressing to each bag. 
 Shake vigorously to coat and marinate in refrigerator for at least 15 minutes. 
 When ready to grill,  oil  grill, then place  catfish  fillets and vegetables on the grill. 
 Discard leftover marinade from  catfish  bag, but reserve excess marinade from vegetable bags. 
 The  catfish  fillets should cook about 10 minutes per inch of thickness, turning once during grilling. 
 The fillets are done when they are opaque and they begin to flake when tested with a fork. 
 asparagus  and  peppers  should cook for about 2 to 3 minutes per side; remaining vegetables should cook for about 4 to 6 minutes per side; all vegetables should be turned once during grilling. 
 After removing  catfish  fillets and vegetables from grill, allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. 
 Place  lettuce  in a large salad bowl. 
 Dice grilled vegetables and fillets into bite-sized pieces (approximately ½ inch squares) and add to  lettuce . 
 Top salad with remaining one-fourth of marinade/dressing and reserved marinade/dressing from vegetable bags. 
 
 
 
Categories: Asparagus Recipes, Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Corn Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Grilled or broiled catfish Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Add category