Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jamaican_Wedding_Cake

Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb  Raisins 
 1/2 lb  Currants 
 1/4 lb  Prune  
 1 cup Dark  rum 
 1 1/2 lb Packed  brown sugar  (3 1/4 cups) 
 1/2 lb  Butter 
 6 x Beaten  eggs 
 1/2 lb  Flour 
 1/2 tsp  baking powder 
 1 tsp  Mixed Spice  ( nutmeg ,  cinnamon , cloves and  allspice ) 
 1/4 lb Mixed fruit  peel 
 1/4 lb Chopped  nuts  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Wash and dry fruit, then put through food processor to chop. 
 Soak in 3/4 c  rum  in covered container for at least three weeks, stirring every few days. 
 When ready, make cake: 
 Heat 1 pound  brown sugar  in heavy bottomed frying pan until melted; simmer until dark dark dark brown. 
 Let cool (If you live in a city, you can probably find "burnt  Sugar " in specialty markets like West Indies, and some Latin markets. 
 The commercial  Sugar  makes a blacker cake. 
 Cream  butter  and remaining  brown sugar . 
 Add  eggs  a little at a time. 
 Add soaked fruits with their liquid, and enough caramelized  Sugar  to make it as dark as desired. 
 Add dry ingredients and  nuts . 
 Pour batter into 9 or 10" springform pan, greased and bottom lined with waxed paper. 
 Bake at 300 degrees for about 2 to 2 1/2 hours. 
 Sprinkle some of the remaining 1/4 cup  rum  over cake immediately after removing it from the oven. 
 Repeat a few times. Allow cake to remain in pan for 2–3 days. 
 ICING THE CAKE: 
 Remove cake from pan and place on cake plate. 
 Roll out  almond  paste to a circle big enough to drape over the cake, covering top and sides. 
 Smooth tightly over the cake and trim bottom edges. 
 Allow to dry for a day before adding  Royal  icing. 
 Make  Royal  Icing (this is an icing that becomes quite hard): 
 Beat 2  egg  whites to a froth. 
 Add 1 pound  confectioner's sugar , a little at a time on low speed. 
 Add juice of one  lemon  and continue beating until stiff peaks form. 
 Using a knife dipped in hot  water , spread icing over the  almond  paste. 
 DO NOT LEAVE UNUSED ICING UNATTENDED...IF YOU HAVE TO STOP, MAKE SURE IT IS COVERED WITH DAMP PAPER TOWELS, OR COVERED AND REFRIGERATED. 
 This icing hardens and dries up quickly. 
 A second layer of icing may be applied when the first has dried. 
 Decorate as desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Allspice Recipes, Almond Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Citrus Desserts, Currant Recipes, Jamaican Desserts, Jamaican Recipes, Mixed spice Recipes, Wedding Recipes, Add category