Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Poblano_pepper


 Browse All Poblano pepper Recipes   
       Poblano pepper     
 Name Variations : 
 poblano chile 
 pablano chili 
 About Poblano pepper : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Poblano pepper on Wikipedia 
 The Poblano is a mild chile pepper, just slightly more spicy than a bell pepper . One of the most popular peppers grown in Mexico, the plant (of the "annuum" species) is multi-stemmed, and can reach 25 inches in height. The pod itself is about three to six inches long, and about two to three inches wide. An immature poblano is dark green in color, but eventually turns a red so dark as to be nearly black. It can be prepared a number of ways, commonly including: dried, breaded and fried, stuffed, or in sauces called moles. After being roasted and peeled, it can be preserved by either canning or freezing. Storing Poblanos in airtight containers will also suffice for several months. 
 When dried, this pepper becomes a broad, flat, heart-shaped pod called an  Ancho chile , often ground into a powder used for flavoring recipes. Milder dried versions are known as  mulato chile .
 A broad, dried chile that is 3-4 inches long and a deep reddish brown; ranges in flavor from mild to pungent. In its fresh green state it is referred to as a "poblano chile". Dried chili with a light sweet flavour ranging from mild to pungent.
 One of the milder chile peppers, the poblano ranks as a 2 out of 10 (10 being the hottest) on the Scoville Unit scale, which expresses the amount of chiles' heat producing-compound capsaicin. The 4- to 5-inch peppers range from dark green to almost black; the darker peppers are more flavorful. Mexico produces the best poblanos and uses them in its famous chile rellenos (stuffed peppers). Poblanos are available canned and dried, but the dried versions are called ancho or mulato chiles and are hotter than the fresh. Fresh, canned and dried poblanos can be found in Mexican groceries and in many supermarkets.
 
 Poblano pepper Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/e8/Poblano_pepper.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20100517125254']
Categories: Fresh chile peppers, Add category