Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Curried_Potato_Chowder

Ingredients : 
 olive oil   cooking spray 
 2 large  onions , about 1 lb thinly sliced 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 ⅛ tsp  sugar 
 3 cup  beef stock 
 2 large  russet potatoes , about 2 lbs, peeled and diced 
 ¼ cup dry  white wine 
 1 tbsp dry  curry powder 
 1 tbsp dry English  mustard 
 1 cup plain non-fat  yogurt 
 grated  lemon zest  of garnish 
 thin  cucumber  slices for garnish 
 Corn chowder variation : 
 ½ cup  corn  kernels, fresh or deforsted 
 1 tbsp  turkey bacon , chopped cooked 
 Directions : 
 In a large nonstick covered skillet that has been lightly sprayed with  cooking spray , cook  onions  and  garlic  over low heat until  onions  wilt, about 15 minutes. 
 Stir frequently. 
 Uncover, stir in  sugar , and continue to cook, stirring often, until  onions  begin to brown. 
 Meanwhile, in a large saucepan bring stock to a boil. 
 Add  potatoes , reduce heat to a simmer, and cook until  potatoes  are tender when pierced with a fork, about 15 minutes. 
 Add  onions . 
 Add wine to skillet; stir to loosen any browned bits. 
 Add wine mixture to  potato  mixture. 
 Return to soup to a simmer. 
 Cook for another 5 to 10 minutes, until  potatoes  begin to fall apart and soup thickens. 
 Stir in  curry powder  and dry  mustard . 
 Remove soup from stove; stir in  yogurt . 
 Return soup to stove; heat through. 
 Do not allow to boil. 
 Ladle into hot soup plates; with grated  lemon  zest and  cucumber  slices (I would add instant  potatoes  to make thicker  potato  soup). 
 Corn chowder variation : 
 Omit  curry  powder, dry  mustard , and plain nonfat  yogurt . 
 Chop  onion  and  potatoes  into small dice. 
 Cook as directed until  potatoes  are just tender. 
 Add  corn  just before serving. 
 Garnish with each serving with chopped  turkey bacon . 
 Nutritional information : 
 Food exchanges per serving: 2 bread/starch exchanges 
 cal: 137; pro: 4g; car: 30g; fat: trace; cho: 1 mg; sod: 45 mg; 
 Food exchanges per serving for corn chowder variation 2 bread/starch exchanges 
 cal: 129g; pro: 3g; fat: trace; cho: 1 mg; sod: 36 mg; 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Chowder Recipes, Corn Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Curry Recipes, Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Turkey bacon Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category