Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Basic_veal_cuts#Veal_knuckle

Contents 
 
 1   Forequarter 
 
 1.1   Veal breast 
 1.2   Best end of veal neck 
 1.3   Veal fillet 
 1.4   Veal shoulder 
 
 
 2   Hindquarter 
 
 2.1   Veal leg 
 2.2   Veal cutlets 
 2.3   Veal loin 
 
 
 3   Other cuts 
 
 3.1   Veal chops 
 3.2   Veal knuckle 
 3.3   Veal roast 
 
 
 
 
 Forequarter : 
 Veal breast : 
 Veal breast is the rear portion of the foresaddle. It contains lower ribs, is quite lean with some fat layered within lean, has elongated muscling, and a scant fat covering. It is usually prepared by braising or roasting.
 
 Best end of veal neck : 
 Part of the veal forequarter (breast, neck and shoulder) and used for roasts, stews and chops.
 
 Veal fillet : 
 Part of the veal hindquarter (loin and leg) and used for roasts and cutlets.
 
 Veal shoulder : 
 Veal shoulder arm roast is a shoulder cut containing arm bone, rib bones from the underside, and cross-sections of bones exposed on the face side. The muscles include shoulder, forearm, and a thin layer of lean meat from brisket. It is usually prepared by braising or roasting.
 Veal shoulder arm steak has the same structure as veal shoulder arm roast, only cut thinner. The arm steak is a shoulder cut containing arm bone, rib bones from the underside, and cross-sections of bones exposed on the face side. The muscles include shoulder, forearm, and a thin layer of lean brisket. It is usually prepared by braising or roasting.
 Veal shoulder blade roast contains blade bone exposed on the cut surface and ribs and backbone from the underside. Muscles include chuck, top blade, and chuck tender. It is usually prepared by braising or roasting.
 Veal shoulder blade steak has the same structure as veal shoulder blade roast, except it is sliced thin. It contains blade bone, backbone, and, depending on the thickness, a rib bone. It is usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 
 Hindquarter : 
 Veal leg : 
 Veal leg sirloin roast contains portions of hip bone, backbone, and a variety of muscles. It is usually prepared by roasting.
 Veal leg sirloin steak contains portion of backbone and hip bone, The size and shape of the muscles and bones vary. It is usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 Veal leg round roast is cone-shaped with round leg bone exposed. It contains top, bottom, and eye muscles, and is usually prepared by braising or roasting.
 Veal leg round steak is cut from the center of the leg. It contains top, bottom, eye muscles, and a cross-section of leg bones. It has a thin outer covering of fat and skin and is usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 Veal leg rump roast contains three major round muscles: top round, eye round, and bottom round, separated by connective tissue. It also contains aitchbone and a fat covering on the outer muscle. Irregularly shaped, it is usually prepared by braising or roasting.
 
 Veal cutlets : 
 Veal cutlets (sometimes called scallops) are thin, boneless, very lean slices from the leg. They are usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 
 Veal loin : 
 Veal loin is the choicest cuts used for roasts and chops.
 Veal loin roast contains loin and tenderloin muscles, backbone, and a T-shaped fingerbone. It is usually prepared by roasting.
 Veal loin chops contain backbone and fingerbone. Muscles include the top loin and tenderloin. The presence of tenderloin distinguishes this chop from a rib chop. The size of the chops get smaller as the chops near the rib. Veal loin chops are usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 Veal loin top loin chops are the same as veal loin chops, but with the tenderloin removed. They contain backbone and fingerbone, and muscles include the top loin. They are usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 
 Other cuts : 
 Veal chops : 
 Veal loin chops contain backbone and fingerbone. Muscles include the top loin and tenderloin. The presence of tenderloin distinguishes this chop from a rib chop. The size of the chops get smaller as the chops near the rib. The first cuts "First Chop" are more desired for tenderness and flavor. Veal loin chops are usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 Veal loin top loin chops are the same as veal loin chops, but with the tenderloin removed. They contain backbone and fingerbone, and muscles include the top loin. They are usually prepared by braising or panfrying.
 
 Veal knuckle : 
 Knuckle is the part of the calf's leg where it joins the body. There is fore-knuckle and hind-knuckle (also called the hock). These cuts are used for stews, pot-pies, meat-pies. Also called veal shank.
 
 Veal roast : 
 Veal roasts may come from the leg, loin, rib or sirloin, the term does refer to a specific cut.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Veal, Add category