Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rassam


 
 Description : 
 Spicy lentil broth
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  toor dal , picked, cleaned and washed 
 1 tsp  turmeric powder 
 2 tsp  tamarind  pulp (tamco) 
 3 cups chopped ripe  tomatoes 
 2 cloves of  garlic , very finely minced 
 1 tbsp  coriander powder 
 1 tsp  cumin  powder 
 ¼ tsp  asafoetida 
 1 tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 tsp  red pepper powder 
 4  green chilies , chopped into large chunks 
 5½ cups of  water 
 For tempering : 
 3 tsp  canola oil 
 2 tsp back  mustard seeds 
 ¼ tsp  black cumin seeds 
 3 whole  dried red chilies 
 10  curry leaves 
 pinch of  asafoetida 
 salt  to taste 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  coriander , for garnish 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan combine  dal ,  turmeric , and  water . 
 Bring to a boil over medium-flame. 
 Simmer over low hear for a half hour, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. 
 The pan should be partially covered as the  lentils  are cooking. 
 The  lentils  should be tender at the end of the half hour. 
 Cook more if they are still not too soft. 
 Remove from heat and set aside *strain the  lentils  into a bowl. 
 Add enough  water  to make the broth upto 4½ cups of liquid. 
 Set aside the  lentils  to use for another recipe. 
 Place  tamarind  pulp in a bowl and pour ½ cup of hot  water  and soak for 15 minutes. 
 Mash with the back of a spoon. 
 Strain into a bowl and set aside. 
 Puree 2 and a half cups of the  tomatoes  with the  garlic  and a half cup of  water  until smooth *add the  tamarind water , pureed  tomatoes ,  cumin ,  black pepper , red pepper, coriander powder,  asafoetida  and the green chilies to the strained  lentil  broth. 
 Over a medium flame heat the mix until it is almost boiling. 
 Make certain not to let the broth boil. 
 Reduce the heat to a gentle flame and simmer, partially covered for 20 minutes. 
 Add the remaining chopped  tomatoes  and cook for a few minutes. 
 Tempering : 
 Heat the canola in a small frying pan. 
 Add the  mustard seeds  and cook till they crackle. 
 Add the  cumin  seeds, red chilies and  curry leaves  and the  asafoetida . 
 Cook until the chilies are lightly browned. 
 Add this mixture to the soup and stir. 
 Season to taste with  salt  and serve the soup garnished with  coriander leaves . 
 Serve piping hot in cups. 
 
 
 
Categories: South Indian Recipes, Tamarind Recipes, Curry Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Tamarind juice Recipes, Curry leaf Recipes, Asafetida Recipes, Toor dal Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category