Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Persimmon


 Browse All Persimmon Recipes   
       Kaki persimmons     
 Name Variations : 
 kaki 
 Sharon fruit 
 About Persimmon : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Persimmon on Wikipedia 
 Persimmon most commonly refers to the edible fruit borne by some species of the genus Diospyros. They are also known as kaki (D. kaki), sharon fruit (D. kaki, a trademark name, exclusively reserved for persimmons grown in Israel), black sapote (D. digyna), mabolo or velvet-apple (D. discolor), date-plum (D. lotus), Texas persimmon (D. texana) and American persimmon (D. virginiana). The term is also used to refer to the trees bearing the fruit.
 The word persimmon comes from an Algonquian language of the eastern United States, meaning "a dry fruit."
 A seedless variety of the Fuyu  persimmon  that was first grown in Israel and now is being raised throughout the world. Persimmons are very similar to a tomato, requiring that they ripen to become less firm, more pulpy and soft. Further, the persimmon can taste very sour especially when not ripe, and the skin is inedible. The Sharon fruit, unlike the Hachiya persimmon, can be eaten while firm, the outer skin does not need to be peeled and discarded, there are no seeds in the crisp flesh, and it is less astringent or sour tasting than the Hachiya. This fruit can be added to salads, much like tomatoes, or used to complement other vegetable dishes. Sharon fruit can be found at certain times of the year in some markets, depending upon growing seasons and availability to food distributors in world markets. When selecting, look for smooth, brightly colored, shiny skins and select those that are plump and firm, not too soft or mushy. The Sharon should be quite firm to the touch. Unripe fruit can be stored at room temperature to further ripen. Ripe fruit can be stored in the refrigerator for up to three days. Also referred to as kaki fruit.
 
 Persimmon Recipes : 
 Dried persimmon Recipes 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/ca/Kaki_persimmons.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20110401143553']
Categories: Tropical fruit, Add category