Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Market_Vegetable_Enchiladas

Ingredients : 
 ½ cup peeled, diced  sweet potatoes 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 medium  onions , diced 
 2 tbsp minced  garlic 
 1 small  yellow squash , diced 
 1 small  zucchini , diced 
 2 tbsp chopped  cilantro 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  basil 
 3 tbsp  ancho chile  purée 
 1  papaya , peeled, seeded and diced 
 4  poblano chiles , roasted, peeled and seeded 
 2  red bell peppers , roasted, peeled, seeded and diced 
 2  yellow bell peppers , roasted, peeled, seeded and diced 
 2½ cups grated  monterey jack   cheese 
 vegetable oil  for softening tortillas 
 18 x 6-inch corn  tortillas 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Bring saucepan of  water  to a boil. 
 Add  sweet potatoes . 
 Cook 5 minutes, drain and set aside. 
 In large skillet, heat  olive oil  over medium-high heat. 
 Add  onions  and  garlic  and cook, stirring often, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. 
 Add  squash  and  zucchini  and cook, stirring often, 30 seconds. 
 Add  cilantro ,  basil , ancho purée,  papaya , poblanos,  bell peppers  and reserved  sweet potatoes . 
 Cook 30 seconds. Remove from heat. 
 Add 1 cup  cheese , season with  salt  and freshly ground  pepper  to taste and mix thoroughly. Set aside. 
 In medium skillet, pour in enough  vegetable oil  to come ¼ inch up sides. 
 Over medium heat, bring  oil  to just smoking. 
 Using tongs, dip each tortilla in hot  oil  5 seconds, then drain on paper towels. 
 Transfer tortillas to work surface, being careful not to overlap them. 
 Divide vegetable mixture evenly among tortillas and roll up to form enchiladas. 
 In baking dish, place enchiladas seam side down in snug rows. 
 Sprinkle remaining  cheese  on top. Cover with foil. 
 Bake in oven until  cheese  has melted, about 8 minutes. 
 Serve enchiladas topped with salsa and/or guacamole. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ancho chile Recipes, Enchilada Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Papaya Recipes, Poblano pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Add category