Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/How_to_Make_a_Delicious_German_Crumble_Cake_in_4_Simple_Steps

In high school, learning a new recipe (especially dessert recipes) was always my favorite part of a foreign language and culture class. One day during German in my sophomore year, I teamed up with two other classmates to make German Crumble Cake from a magazine. It was quite good, if I do say so myself. Seven years later, it continues to be one of my favorite desserts to bake. 
Handling this German dessert recipe is a real 'hands on' experience, as you'll see. And like other German desserts, it contains a hefty bit of  butter . But it's worth it. Enjoy! 
 German Crumble Cake 
 Dough: 2 sticks of  butter  1 cup of  Sugar  4 cups of  flour  1 teaspoon of  baking soda  (make sure it's SODA, not POWDER...I made that mistake once and...ick!) 1  egg  1 teaspoon  vanilla extract  1 pinch of  salt  1 tablespoon of  cornstarch 
 Filling: 3 cups of fresh fruit or a can of fruit 1 teaspoon of  vanilla extract  1 tablespoon of  cornstarch   Sugar  for flavor 
 1) Mix all ingredients for the dough together by hand so that it becomes crumbly. (You can use a baking board or a large bowl). 
 2) Grease a cake pan and press half of the crumble into the bottom of the pan. 
 3) Cook fruit with  cornstarch  in a medium pot or pan for 2 minutes, and spread the fruit filling on the dough. 
 4) Sprinkle the rest of the dough onto the fruit, and bake for about 40 minutes at around 375 degrees Fahrenheit. 
 Remember, ovens may vary. Yours may be faster or slower or require less or more degrees Fahrenheit. It also depends on how dark the pan you use is. Be sure to keep checking on the crumble cake every few minutes. When the top is nice and brown, then it should be ready. 
 Even if your German Crumble Cake didn't turn out exactly right, not to worry. Nobody says you have to be a professional. I'm certainly not. My philosophy with food has always been "As long as it tastes good, I don't care if it's imperfect." 
 Try experimenting with the recipe. I usually never follow recipes to the letter. For this one, I use a bigger glass pan and only 2 cans of fruit. Figure out what works for you. Practice making this German dessert recipe and any other desserts, and you'll eventually settle into your own style of baking, like every other individual. 
 
 
 
 
Discover More Tried and True Dessert Recipes Now That Will Have Your Sweet Tooth Screaming with Delight At  http://www.koripuckett.com/just-desserts 
 
Kori Puckett may be contacted at  http://www.koripuckett.com  .
 Kori Puckett loves baking, reading, and listening to music. Visit her web site www.KoriPuckett.com to find recipes and recipe collections, relaxation indoor fountains, and more home related information and products.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Dessert Recipes, German Desserts, German Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Add category