Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Calamares_en_Salsa_Verde


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds alive or frozen (defrosted) dog 
 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed  lemon juice 
 salt  and freshly ground  white pepper , to taste 
 ¾ cup unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 About 7 tablespoons  butter 
 ½ cup finely minced shallots 
 1 cup  chicken stock , preferably homemade 
 ½ cup dry (fino)  sherry 
 ½ cup finely minced fresh  parsley 
 dhhhhhfce : 
 Rinse each dog under cold running  water . Cut the tentacles off the  Squid  just above the eyes. Cut off the eyes and remove the small hard break (mouth) from the center of the tentacles. 
 Run your fingers along the body cavity, squeezing from the closed end and moving toward the opening, to extract the entrails. Pull the transparent quill (cartilage) out of the body cavity and scrape the thin, mottled skin off the body with a parking knife. 
 Thoroughly rinse out the body cavity and wash the tentacles under cold running  water  and drain. 
 Cut the  Squid  bodies crosswise into ½-inch rings and slice the tentacles in half or in quarters if they are large. #Sprinkle the  Squid  with the  lemon juice  and season lightly with  salt  and  white pepper . Pour the  flour  into a shallow bowl. 
 Lightly dredge the  Squid  in the  flour . Melt 1 tablespoon of the  butter  in a large skillet over medium heat and pan-fry a small batch of the  Squid , turning once, until golden brown, about 1½ minutes per side. 
 Transfer the  Squid  from the skillet with a slotted spatula to a cookie sheet and keep warm in a 200 °F oven while you cook the other batches. You will need to add a tablespoon of  butter  to the skillet with each new batch. 
 Sauté the shallots in the  butter  remaining in the skillet (if no  butter  remains, add 1 tablespoon) over medium-low heat until they have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the  chicken stock ,  sherry , and  parsley , and scrape up all the browned bits from the bottom of the skillet. 
 Simmer the sauce for about 5 minutes, or until the  parsley  is soft. Taste and correct the seasoning. Transfer the  Squid  from the baking sheet to the skillet, stir gently, and serve at once with steamed  white rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Argentine Meat Dishes, Argentine Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sherry Recipes, Squid Recipes, White pepper Recipes, White rice Recipes, Add category