Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spicy_Eggplant_In_Ginger-Tamarind_Sauce


 
 Description : 
 Yield: 6 Servings
 
 Ingredients : 
 1.00 1/2-inch-round ball  tamarind 
 0.25 c -Boiling  water 
 1.00 lb Thin, long  Eggplant 
 3.00 tb Light  vegetable oil 
 1.50 ts Minced  garlic 
 2.00 ts Ground coriander 
 0.25 ts Ground  cinnamon 
 0.13 ts Ground cloves 
 0.50 c Packed flaked  coconut  -- fresh or canned, -- unsweetened 
 1.00 ts  cayenne pepper  (or more) 
 0.50 ts  coarse salt ; or to taste 
 2.00 tb Unsulphured  molasses  -OR-  brown sugar 
 0.50 ts  black mustard seeds  --GINGER- tamarind  SAUCE--- 
 - tamarind  residue from above 
 0.50 c -Boiling  water 
 0.50 ts  cornstarch 
 1.00 tb Shredded  fresh ginger 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Put the  tamarind  in a nonmetallic bowl. Add 1/4 cup boiling  water  and let it soak for 30 minutes. 
 Mash the pulp and extract as much juice from it as possible. 
 Pour all liquid into a bowl, and save the fibrous residue for making the sauce. 
 Slit the  Eggplants  lengthwise to within 3/4 inch of the stem end so that each  Eggplant  remains in one piece. 
 Measure out the spices and place them right next to the stove in separate piles. 
 Heat 2 tablespoons of the  oil  in a large frying pan or skillet over medium-high heat for 1 minute. 
 Add the  garlic  and fry for 30 seconds. Add the coriander,  cinnamon , and cloves; fry for 15 more seconds. 
 Stir in the  coconut  and  cayenne pepper ; continue frying, stirring, until lightly toasted (about 2 minutes). 
 Turn off the heat and stir in the  salt ,  tamarind  liquid, and  molasses , and mix well. 
 Stuff the  Eggplants  with the spicy  coconut  mixture. Secure them by wrapping thread around them. 
 Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon  oil  in the same pan over medium-high heat. 
 When it is hot, add  mustard seeds . Keep a pot lid handy, as the seeds may spatter and fly all over. 
 When the seeds stop spattering, add the  Eggplants  in one layer. 
 Fry the  Eggplants , turning them often, for 3 or 4 minutes. 
 Reduce heat to medium or medium low and cook them, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes or until they are soft and cooked through. Turn off heat. 
 Transfer them to a serving platter, pour Ginger- tamarind sauce  over them, and serve immediately. 
 Ginger- tamarind sauce :
 
 Put  tamarind  residue in a nonmetallic bowl, add 1/2 cup boiling  water , and let soak for 30 minutes. 
 Mash the residue and extract as much  tamarind  essence as possible, squeezing it hard, into a bowl. 
 Discard the fibrous residue. 
 Put  tamarind water  in a nonmetallic pan along with  cornstarch , mix well and bring to a boil. 
 Cook for 2 minutes. Turn off heat and stir in  ginger  shreds. 
 Note: For a hotter flavor, stir 4 chopped hot green chilies into sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Black mustard seed Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Pakistani Recipes, Pakistani Vegetarian, Recipes that need photos, Add category