Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Catalan_Flatbread_with_Spinach,_Onion_and_Pine_Nut_Topping

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Topping 
 1 1/2 cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 cup yellow  cornmeal , plus more for dusting 
 1 ( 1/4-oz.) pkg. quick-rising  dry yeast 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp.  granulated sugar 
 2 tsp.  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 1. Begin topping: In large skillet, heat 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium heat. Add  onions  and 1/2 teaspoon  salt ; cook, stirring often, until very tender and lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes. To prevent scorching, adjust heat and add  water  as necessary.
 
 2. In food processor fitted with metal blade, make dough: Combine  flour ,  cornmeal ,  yeast ,  salt  and  Sugar  and pulse on/off to mix. In measuring cup, combine 2/3 cup hot  water  (120F to 130F) and 2 teaspoons  oil . With motor running, gradually pour hot liquid through food processor feed tube. Process until dough forms ball, then process 1 minute to knead. The dough should be quite soft. If it seems dry, add 1 to 2 tablespoons warm  water ; if too sticky, add 1 to 2 tablespoons  flour . Transfer dough to lightly floured surface and knead a few times. Lightly coat large sheet of plastic wrap with  cooking spray  and place, sprayed side down, over dough. Let dough rest 20 to 30 minutes.
 
 3. Meanwhile, place baking stone or inverted baking sheet on bottom rack of oven to heat. Preheat oven to 450F. (Heat baking stone for 25 minutes before baking; heat baking sheet for 10 minutes.)
 
 4. In small bowl, cover  currants  with hot  water . Set aside to soak about 20 minutes. Drain and stir  currants  into  onions . Stir in  vinegar  and  pepper .
 
 5. In small baking pan, spread  pine nuts  and toast in oven until lightly golden, 3 to 4 minutes.
 
 6. In large wide pot, cook  spinach  with just the  water  that clings to leaves over medium-high heat, stirring often, until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain in colander. Rinse with cold  water  and squeeze out excess moisture. Place in medium bowl and add remaining 1/2 teaspoon  salt .
 
 7. Assemble flatbread: Coat baking sheet with  cooking spray  and dust with  cornmeal . On lightly floured surface, use rolling pin to roll dough into 16 x 12-inch rectangle, slightly less than 1/4 inch thick. Transfer dough to prepared sheet. Roll edges under to finish rim of crust. Brush remaining 1 teaspoon  oil  over rim of crust. Scatter  spinach  over crust. Top with caramelized  Onion  mixture and sprinkle with toasted  pine nuts . Lightly coat topping with  cooking spray .
 
 8. Place baking sheet on heated baking stone and bake until bottom of crust is golden and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to cutting board and use pizza cutter to cut into 8 rectangles. Serve hot or warm. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cornmeal Recipes, Currant Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category