Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Stuffed_Piquillo_Peppers

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Sauce 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Sauce 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Serves 6
 
       Stuffed Piquillo Peppers     
 Ingredients : 
 800 g skinned and boned  salt cod 
 800 g minced  onion 
 2 cloves  garlic 
 1 – 2 tbsp white  flour 
 1 cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 cup  milk 
 24 canned  piquillo peppers 
 ¼ cup minced  parsley 
 salt  and  pepper 
 flour , beaten  egg  and  olive oil  for deep frying 
 Sauce : 
 6 – 10  piquillo peppers 
 4  onions , minced 
 4 cups  fish stock 
 1 cup  cream 
 1  garlic  clove 
 3 tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 a small bunch of  parsley 
 salt  and  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Cover the cod with cold  water , refrigerate the for 24 hours and change the  water  every 8 hours or so. 
 Drain the on paper towels and shred it with your fingers. 
 In a skillet, heat the virgin  olive oil , sauté the  onion  until transparent, add minced  garlic  and shredded cod and fry until very lightly browned. 
 Add  flour  and mix well. 
 Cook for 15 to 12 minutes adding the  milk  a little at a time until the cod béchamel is smooth. 
 Set the pan aside and let it cool. 
 Preheat oven at 180°C (350°F). 
 Stuff the  peppers  with the cod béchamel and set aside. 
 Dip the  peppers  in  flour , then in beaten  egg  and deep fry until golden. 
 Drain on paper towels and arrange the  peppers  in an ovenproof casserole. 
 Pour the sauce on top and bake in the oven for 10 – 20 minutes or until they are heated through and the sauce is bubbling. 
 Sprinkle with minced  parsley  and serve immediately. 
 Sauce : 
 Heat  olive oil  in a skillet, fry the minced  onion  until golden, then add the  piquillo peppers  and  garlic  and fry until the  peppers  are done, then add the  pepper  stock,  fish stock  and  cream  and boil for 10 minutes. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper , process finely and pour over the  peppers . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/67/Food-spain-recipes2-stuffed-peppers.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004602']
Categories: Spanish Meat Dishes, Salt cod Recipes, Onion Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Add category