Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grandma%27s_Cream_of_Potato_Soup_or_Broccoli_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 This recipe has a slight smokey flavor due to the Deli  Bacon .  Broccoli  can be substituted for  potatoes  for  cream  of  Broccoli  Soup. 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 (31 ounces) cans college inn  chicken broth 
 6 medium  potatoes  (cubed) 
 4 stalks  celery  (Diced) 
 4 medium  carrots  (Diced) 
 1/2 cup cubed  Ham  (optional) 
 1/4 lb of deli  Bacon  (Smoked) 
 1 medium Spanish  Onion  (Diced) 
 1 quart  heavy cream 
 4 tablespoons  butter 
 1/4-1/2 cup  cornstarch 
 12 ounces  Cheddar   Cheese  (optional) 
 If making  cream  of  Broccoli  Soup 
 2 heads  Broccoli , chopped,peel stems of skins and slice (Skins are tough and  bitter .) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Empty cans of  chicken broth  in pot. 
 Add cubed  potatoes  and bring to a boil. 
 While  potatoes  are starting to cook pan fry  Bacon  until crisp and add  bacon grease  to  Chicken  and potato broth. 
 Crumble  Bacon  and add to broth. 
 Add diced  Ham  to broth (otpional). 
 In a sauce pan melt  butter  and add diced  Onion ,  celery  and  carrots . 
 Pan fry until soft. 
 When  potatoes  are done add the  celery ,  carrot  and  Onion  mixture with  butter  to broth. 
 Reduce heat to medium and add about 1/4 to 1/2 of the quart of  heavy cream . 
 Be careful not to have soup at a heavy boil or  cream  will curdle. 
 Add enough  cream  to make soup look creamy throughout. 
 Add  Cheese  (optional). 
 Mix  corn starch  with very cold  water  and add to soup. 
 Continue medium boil until soup thickens. 
 If it isn't thick enough repeat  corn starch  and add slowly. 
 Remove from heat and enjoy. 
 Soup will thicken when it gets cold. 
 Can add  milk  or  water  to thin out. 
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Bacon grease Recipes, Bitter Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Broccoli Soup Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Add category