Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Fajitas_with_Green_Olive_Cilantro_Salsa

Ingredients : 
 18 corn or 12 flour  tortillas , warmed or crisped just before serving 
 2½ lbs skinless, boneless  chicken breasts 
 ¼ med  onion 
 2 cups fresh  orange juice 
 4 tsp  olive oil , if frying 
 4 cups shredded  lettuce 
 2 cups  sour cream 
 1 lb jumbo  green olives  (about 2 cups), pitted 
 2 cloves large  garlic 
 4  serrano chiles , stemmed 
 1 cup  cilantro  leaves 
 1 cup  olive oil 
 1 tsp minced  lemon zest 
 salsa 
 Directions : 
 Place a piece of  waxed paper  or plastic wrap on a counter top or cutting board. 
 Place 1  chicken  breast on top and cover with another piece of  waxed paper  or plastic wrap. 
 With a mallet, pound the  chicken  breast ⅛ inch thick. 
 Continue in the same way until all the breasts are flattened. 
 Set aside until ready to cook, or cover and refrigerate for up to 2 days. 
 When ready to cook the fajitas, finely grate the  onion . 
 In a large nonreactive dish, mix the  onion  and its juice with the orange juice and soy. 
 Remove the  waxed paper  or plastic wrap, and place the  chicken  in the onion-orange-soy mixture. 
 Turn to coat both sides. 
 Set aside to marinate for at least 15 minutes and up to 45 minutes, turning once or twice. 
 If grilling, prepare a charcoal fire and allow the coals to burn until they are mostly covered with white ash and a few red spots show through here and there. 
 This will take about 40 minutes. 
 When the fire is ready, place the  chicken  breasts on the grill rack, directly above the coals. 
 Cook until no longer pink, but still moist in the center, about 1½ minutes on each side. 
 If frying, divide the  oil  between two large frying pans and set over medium-heat until the  oil  begins to smoke. (you can use one frying pan to save on dishes and cook the fajitas in several rounds.) 
 Add as many  chicken  breasts as will fit in one uncrowded layer. 
 Cook until no longer pink but still moist in the center, about 1½ minutes on each side. 
 Remove and drain off any liquid from the pan. 
 Continue cooking another round until all the breasts are cooked. 
 Cut the  chicken  into thin strips. 
 In a food processor or using a chef's knife, mince the,  garlic , chiles, and  cilantro  to create the salsa. 
 Stir in the olive  oil  and  lemon  zest. 
 Serve right away, or cover, refrigerate, and use within 1 week. 
 To assemble fajitas, place about ⅓ cup of  chicken  in the middle of a tortilla. 
 Top with some shredded  lettuce , sour  cream , and green olive- cilantro  salsa. 
 Fold and serve. 
 Nutritional Information : 
 Per serving: 990 calories, 50g protein, 44g carbohydrates, 69g fat, 4g dietary fiber
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Fajita Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Healthy Main Dishes, Orange juice Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Add category