Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Box_filled_with_Truffles

Ingredients : 
 6 ounces  semisweet chocolate  morsels 
 2 ounces  white chocolate , chopped 
 ¼ cup  heavy cream 
 4 ounces  bittersweet chocolate , finely chopped 
 1 tablespoon  unsalted butter , softened 
 cocoa , for dusting 
 ground toasted  nuts  ( hazelnuts ,  walnuts  or  pecans ), for dusting 
 Directions : 
 Cover a cookie sheet with a silpat or parchment paper. 
 Reserve 1 tablespoon  semisweet chocolate . 
 In a double boiler (or a metal bowl over simmering  water ), melt remaining  semisweet chocolate  without stirring. 
 Remove from heat and mix in the reserved tablespoon of  chocolate . 
 In a separate metal bowl, melt  white chocolate  using the same method. 
 Spread  semisweet chocolate  on cookie sheet, creating a 6" x 9" rectangle. 
 Drizzle  white chocolate  on top and, using a toothpick, swirl a decorative pattern. 
 Place cookie sheet in refrigerator and chill 1 hour. 
 When  chocolate  is hard, trim edges with a knife and cut into six 3" squares. 
 Place 1 square on a piece of parchment paper and create a box by standing 4 pieces around it (reserve remaining piece for lid). 
 Dip a small metal spatula in very hot  water , wipe off excess  water , and using the hot spatula, heat outside seams of box so  chocolate  melts slightly and edges adhere to each other (if at any time  chocolate  gets too soft, put it back in refrigerator until firm again) keep chilled until ready to use. 
 In a small saucepan, bring  cream  to a boil. 
 Remove from heat and add  chocolate , stirring gently until smooth. 
 Add  butter  and pour into a small plastic bowl. 
 Chill 3 hours. 
 Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. 
 Using a melon baller, scoop  chocolate  into 12 to 20 balls. 
 Roll half the balls in  cocoa  and the other half in  nuts . 
 Place on cookie sheet and chill an additional hour (or put in the freezer 20 minutes). 
 Place  truffles  in box and cover with remaining piece of  chocolate . 
 Recommended tools : 
 A Silpat is a nonstick, reusable baking-pan liner, available at www.surlatable.com and Williams-Sonoma stores nationwide.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Dessert Recipes, Candy Recipes, Bittersweet chocolate Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, White chocolate Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Hazelnut Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Add category