Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Corn,_Squash_and_Rice_Loaves

Ingredients : 
 3¾ cup  water 
 1½ cup  rice, brown , raw 
 ⅓ cup  margarine , non-dairy 
 2 cup  onion , finely chopped 
 1  bell pepper ,  green  or  red , diced 
 egg replacer  to equal 4  eggs 
 ½ cup  soymilk 
 2½ cup  nutritional yeast  cheesy sauce 
 1½ cup  corn  kernels, cooked 
 ¼ cup  parsley , fresh 
 ½ tsp  oregano 
 ½ tsp  dill 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp  pepper  to taste 
 2 cup  zucchini , grated 
 2 cup  squash, yellow , grated 
 4  scallions , chopped 
 4 cup  broccoli  pieces, bite-sized and florets, steamed 
 2 tsp  margarine , non- dairy 
 Directions : 
 Bring the  water  to a boil in a heavy saucepan. 
 Stir in the  rice , reduce the heat to a simmer, then cover and cook until the  water  is absorbed, about 35 minutes. This may be done ahead of time. 
 Heat the  margarine  in a large skillet. 
 Add the chopped  onion  and saute over moderate heat until it is translucent. 
 Add the diced  bell pepper  and saute over moderate heat until the  onion  is golden. 
 Remove from heat. 
 In a large bowl, combine the  egg  replacer with the  soymilk ,  nutritional yeast  cheesy sauce,  corn  kernels and herbs. 
 Stir in the cooked  rice  and the  onion  mixture and mix well. 
 Add  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 In the same skillet, combine the grated squashes with just enough  water  to keep the bottom of the skillet moist. 
 Cover and steam until wilted, about five minutes. 
 Stir in the scallions. 
 Preheat the oven to 350 °F. 
 Oil two 9- by 5- by 3-inch loaf pans, preferably glass. 
 Assemble as follows: transfer about one-fourth of the  rice  mixture to each of the loaf pans and pat in. 
 Divide the steamed  squash  evenly between the two loaf pans and pat in over the  rice  mixture. 
 Top each with the remaining  rice  mixture. 
 Sprinkle the tops with bread crumbs. 
 Bake for 60 minutes, or until the top and edges are golden and crusty. 
 In the meantime, steam the  broccoli  until bright green and crisp-tender. 
 Drain and toss the vegetable with the  margarine . 
 Once the loaves are done, cool for 10 minutes before slicing loaves into 8 or 10 slices each, allowing for two slices per person. 
 To serve, arrange the slices in an overlapping circular pattern on a large platter. 
 Place the  broccoli  in the center. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Corn Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Add category