Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_and_Kibble

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Contributed by 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 3 to 4  Chicken  breasts (no bone, no skin) 
 1 1/2 cups non- sticky rice  (we use basmati) 
 Directions : 
 Microwave the  Chicken  breasts until fully cooked. Cut into tip of the finger size pieces. Reserve the juice for the first meal. Steam the  rice  until fully cooked. Combine the  Chicken  and  rice . Add a pinch of  salt  if you didn't already  salt  the  rice . Add any other seasoning your dog likes. (Ours have severe allergies, so we season with Feverfew.) 
 When ready to feed the dogs, combine half their recommended kibble with sufficient  Chicken / rice  mixture to make up about 1/3 their ration. Make up the rest with fat free  cottage cheese . 
 This makes a very low fat diet, typically less than 10%. You can add vegetable fats or  oil  to improve vitamin absorption, but do be sparing. In the first batch of food, add the cooking juices from the  Chicken  to the kibble. 
 This recipe makes enough food for several feedings, so don't put the  Chicken  drippings in the storage container: it will only hasten spoilage. Also, don't leave the mix down: it will spoil very fast. 
 We make a batch of  Chicken / rice  every other day. Our two dogs combined weigh over 200 pounds. If you have one or smaller dogs, you can reduce the recipe. The vets say they have never seen healthier dogs. 
 Contributed by : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Cottage cheese Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Fish Recipes, Glutinous rice Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Rice Recipes, Add category