Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Icelandic_Cod_Stew

Description : 
 Icelandic cod stew for 6 persons. Sauce recipe yields 6 fl oz.
 
       Icelandic code stew     
 Ingredients : 
 36 oz  cod  fillets 
 3 tbsp  butter 
 28 oz skinned and boiled  potatoes 
 1 medium sized  onion , finely chopped 
 1 – 2 cloves  garlic  (optional), finely chopped 
 ½ qt  milk 
 ½ qt  water 
 sauce thickener 
 salt  and freshly grounded  white pepper 
 2 cups  Sauce Hollandaise  (see below) 
 ca 4 tbsp  Parmesan cheese 
 Sauce Hollandaise : 
 1 tbsp  lemon juice 
 1 tbsp  water 
 3  egg yolks 
 salt  and ground  white pepper 
 6 oz  unsalted butter , diced small 
 Directions : 
 Remove skin and bones from cod fillets. 
 Bring  water  to boil, season with ½ tbsp  salt , place in boiling  water  and cook for 4-5 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat and let stand for another 5 minutes, then remove from  water  and keep warm. 
 Save  water . 
 Melt the  butter  in a sauce pan and sweat the  onion  and  garlic  in it. 
 Add the  milk  and half of the  fish stock . 
 Bring to boil and thicken with the sauce thickener. 
 Crumble the and dice the  potatoes . 
 Blend and  potatoes  and add to the sauce. 
 Season to taste with a generous amount of freshly grounded  white pepper . 
 Place the stew in an ovenproof plate, cover with Sauce Hollandaise and sprinkle with  Parmesan cheese . 
 Place under a very hot grill until golden and serve hot with a dark bread. 
 Sauce Hollandaise : 
 Put the  lemon juice ,  water  and the  yolks  in a pan or bowl over simmering - not boiling -  water , season to taste and whisk. 
 Add 1 cube  butter  at a time and whisk until absorbed. 
 When all the  butter  has been used, remove from the heat and whisk for 2 more minutes. 
 Return to the heat and whisk again for 2 minutes. 
 Keep the sauce warm over barely simmering  water . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7b/Icelandic_cod_stew.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004353']
Categories: Cod Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Icelandic Meat Dishes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Potato Recipes, Stew Recipes, White pepper Recipes, Add category