Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Magic_Doggie_Cookies

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Contributed by: 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 pounds raw liver (I use  Chicken  liver) 
 7 cups of regular  flour 
 4 cups  oatmeal  (grind to a fine crumble in a food processor) 
 8 Teaspoons of  Chicken  bouillon 
 1/2 to 1 cup of HOT  water  (to dissolve bouillon) 
 8  eggs , beaten 
 6 Teaspoons of  garlic powder  (not  salt ) 
 Dissolve the bouillon in the hot  water  & set aside. 
 
 In a LARGE bowl combine the following: 
 
 Process the liver until it is  mush  (or chop very, very finely). 
 Add the beaten  eggs 
 Add the  garlic powder 
 Add the dissolved bouillon 
 Stir this mixture until well blended. 
 
 Add to the wet mixture a little at a time: 
 
 1.  flour 
 2. Finely ground  oatmeal 
 Directions : 
 If you add the  flour / oatmeal  all at once, the mixture may ball up into a lump! 
 
 After the whole glop is thoroughly mixed, spread it out evenly into the prepared jelly roll pans. 
 
 Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or till baked clear through to the center. 
 
 Let the baked goodies cool in the pan a bit, then loosen the dough around the edges, turn the pan upside down onto a bread board, remove the wax paper, and cut into bait-sized squares. I then place the cookies into zip-lock storage bags and put them in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. These cookies freeze very well also. 
 
 Hints:
 
 It is not necessary to food process the  oatmeal , but I like it fine so the cookies are less crumbly. 
 This recipe is easily adjusted to fit your needs...I just happen to make enough for 6 dogs so I designed this recipe to fit my needs. 
 
 Play around with the amount of  garlic  and bouillon (my Beards like lots of both), but be careful of the liquids--you don't want the mix to be soupy. 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Mush Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Rolled oats Recipes, Add category