Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tortellini


 Browse All Tortellini Recipes   
       Tortellini     
 About tortellini : 
 Tortellini  is a ring-shaped  pasta  typically stuffed with (but not limited to) a mix of meat (such as pork loin,  prosciutto  crudo, or  mortadella ,) or cheese (such as cheddar or parmesan). Originally from the Italian region of Emilia (in particular Bologna and Modena), they are usually served in  broth , with cream,  ragù , or similar sauce.
 Traditionally, the most serious restaurant in Bologna as well "La Confraternita del Tortellino" agree that the only real Tortellino is served only in home made broth.
 Tortellino with cream is widely accepted in Bologna but criticized by some.
Tortellino with ragù, although it can be found, is considered by the vast majority of Bolognesi to be non-authentic.
 Tortelloni is a larger version of tortellini, and is usually stuffed with  Ricotta cheese  and  leaf vegetables , such as  spinach . Many "exotic" variants exist where the vegetables are replaced with stronger ingredients such as  porcini  or  walnuts . Another common filling for tortelloni is a paste made mainly of  pumpkin  pulp.
Tortelloni are usually served either with ragù or with melted  butter  and  sage  leaves.
 You can find packed refrigerated or frozen tortellini and tortelloni in many places in the world, especially where Italian communities have a certain relief. Tortellini and tortelloni are made in special industrial lines supplied, all over the world, by Italian companies such as Arienti & Cattaneo, Ima, Ostoni, Zamboni, etc.; "fresh" packed tortellini and tortelloni have usually 7 weeks of shelf-life.
 
 Mythology : 
 
 The origin of tortellini is surrounded by several legends and the mist of time.
 One says that this dish is born in Castelfranco Emilia (province of Modena). One night during a trip, Lucrezia Borgia checked into an inn in the small town. The host was captivated by her beauty and couldn't resist the urge to peek into her room through the keyhole. The light inside the bedroom was only made by a few candles and so he could only see her navel. This pure and innocent vision was enough to send him into an ecstasy that inspired him to create the tortellini that night.
 Another separate but similar legend, originating in medieval Italy, tells how Venus and Jupiter (also known as Aphrodite and Zeus) arrived at a tavern on the outskirts of Bologna one night, weary from their involvement in a battle between Modena and Bologna. After much food and drink, they shared a room. The innkeeper, captivated by the two, followed them and peeked through the keyhole. All he could see was Venus's navel. Spellbound, he rushed to the kitchen and created tortellini in its image. 
 
 See also : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Tortellini on Wikipedia 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/9/99/Tortelini.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20080516004143', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d5/Tortellini.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004441']
Categories: Stuffed pasta, Add category