Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Strawberry_Pinwheel_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake: 
 4 large  egg yolks  2 large  eggs 
 1/2 cup  granulated sugar 
 1 cup sifted  cake flour 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 1/2 tablespoons warm  water 
 2 teaspoons  vegetable oil 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla 
 powdered sugar 
 
 strawberry  Filling: 
 l cup  whipping cream 
 1 tablespoon  Sugar 
 3 tablespoons prepared  lemon  curd, at room temperature* 
 1 pint basket (about 3 1/4 cups) California  strawberries , stemmed and coarsely chopped 
 
 Garnish: 
 powdered sugar 
 1 pint basket (about 3 1/4 cups) California  strawberries 
 Directions : 
 To make Cake: Heat oven to 375 degrees. Line 15- x 10-inch jellyroll pan with aluminum foil; coat with vegetable  cooking spray . In large mixer bowl beat  yolks  and  eggs  at high speed about 5 minutes until thick and lemon-colored. Continuing at high speed, gradually beat in  granulated sugar  until mixture is pale and thick. Gently fold in dry ingredients except  powdered sugar  to blend thoroughly. Fold in  water ,  oil  and  vanilla . Spread batter evenly in prepared pan. Bake in center of oven about 10 minutes until springy to the touch. Meanwhile, coat a clean dishtowel with  powdered sugar . Invert hot cake onto towel close to one long edge. Gently peel off foil. Trim 1/2 inch off each short side of cake. Starting from long side, tightly roll cake and towel. Set on rack to cool completely. To make  strawberry  Filling: In mixer bowl whip  cream  to form soft peaks. Beat in  Sugar  to form stiff peaks. Fold in  lemon  curd to blend thoroughly. Mix in chopped  strawberries . Gently unroll cake. Spread  strawberry  mixture evenly on cake and re-roll. Place seam-side-down. Dust with  powdered sugar . Cut into 8 (about I 3/4-inch) equal slices. Place each slice on a serving plate. Garnish with whole and halved  strawberries . Makes 8 servings *  lemon  curd can be found in the jam and jelly or gourmet section of most supermarkets.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cake flour Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Strawberry Desserts, Strawberry Recipes, Add category