Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Black_Beans_Menocal

]
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1  black beans 
 2 lrg Green  bell peppers 
 1 lrg  Onion 
 4 lrg Cloves of  garlic 
 2/3 cup Extra virgin  olive oil 
 3 tsp  salt 
 1/2 Ground  black pepper 
 1/2 Dry  oregano 
 1  bay leaf 
 2 tbl  Sugar 
 2 tbl  red wine vinegar 
 2 tbl Dry  white wine 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Wash beans and soak overnight (or about 10 hrs) in 10 cups  water  and 1  bell pepper  which has been cut in half and seeded. It is not necessary to thow out the soaking  water . Bring to a boil then lower to med-low and simmer uncovered. Meanwhile, add 1  Onion , 1  bell pepper , the  garlic  and  olive oil  to a food processor or blender and process to the consistency of a thick  milk  shake. Stirfry this green puree in a large skillet. Bring puree to a boil then lower to simmer, stirring often for 20 minutes. Place 1 cup of drained beans from the pot into the skillet with the puree, mash them with a fork and blend in with the puree. (You can also add the cup of beans into the processor or blender and process for 15 seconds.) Simmer the puree with the mashed beans for another 2 minutes. Add entire contents of skillet to the pot of cooking  black beans . Add the  salt ,  black pepper ,  oregano ,  bay leaf  and 2 tablespoons of the  Sugar . Cook uncovered for 1 hour stirring often to prevent sticking. Now add the  vinegar  and  white wine  and cook for another 30 minutes. You may leave in or discard the  bell pepper  used in soaking. If you have the time, the beans come out better if not served immediately, but left to "sleep" overnight in the refrigerator. I can't wait myself, but the leftovers are fabulous. Re-heat in the microwave or simmer very slowly on the stovetop until ready. Stir often. Before serving add 1 tbs  Sugar  and 2 tbs.  olive oil  and blend in. Serve over  rice  topped with finely chopped red or  yellow onions . Watch this bulletin board as I am in the process of triple-checking the amounts in the ingredients section with other family members. But the above is how I cook them and they are very good. Let me know how they turn out! 
 
 
 
Categories: Black bean Recipes, Cuban Recipes, Cuban Vegetarian, Oregano Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Rice Recipes, White wine Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Add category