Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_Tenderloin_Medallions_with_Rice_Pilaf

Makes 8 servings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  Beef  tenderloin roast (about 3 pounds) 
 Marinade 
 1/2 cup dry  red wine 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 1 tablespoon  soy sauce 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 1 teaspoon dry  mustard 
 1/4 teaspoon ground  marjoram ,  thyme , or  basil  leaves 
 Rice Pilaf 
 1/2 cup uncooked  wild rice 
 1/2 cup uncooked  brown rice 
 1/2 cup uncooked aromatic  white rice 
 3 1/2 cups  beef broth , divided 
 1/2 cup chopped  onions 
 1/4 cup  pine nuts 
 1/4 cup dried  currants , plumped in boiling  water 
 2 tablespoons  butter  or  margarine 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  mint 
 mint  leaves for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Combine marinade ingredients in small bowl. 
 Marinate  Beef  in refrigerator in tightly sealed plastic bag or deep bowl 6 to 8 hours. 
 Place tenderloin on rack in shallow roasting pan; turn thin ends under. Discard marinade. 
 Insert meat thermometer so bulb is in thickest part of tenderloin. 
 Roast uncovered at 425 degrees 45 to 60 minutes or until thermometer registers 140 degrees. 
 Allow to stand 10 minutes before carving. 
 Rice Pilaf 
 
 Rinse  wild rice . Add 1-1/2 cups broth to  wild rice  in small saucepan. 
 Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover and simmer 45 to 50 minutes, or until  rice  is tender and liquid is absorbed. 
 Add 1 cup broth to  brown rice  in small saucepan. Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover, and simmer 45 to 50 minutes, or until  rice  is tender and liquid is absorbed. 
 Add remaining 1 cup broth to aromatic  white rice  in small saucepan. 
 Bring to a boil; reduce heat, cover and simmer 15 minutes, or until  rice  is tender and liquid is absorbed. 
 Meanwhile, cook  onions ,  pine nuts , and  currants  in  butter  in large skillet until  onions  are transparent. Stir in  rice  and  mint ; cook until thoroughly heated. Garnish  rice  with  mint  leaves. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Recipes, Beef Recipes, Currant Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Rice Recipes, Side Dish Rice Recipes, Wild rice Recipes, Add category