Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/%C3%91oquis_de_Batata


 
 Description : 
 Homemade sweet potato gnocchi
 
 Ingredients : 
 750 g peeled and cut  sweet potatoes 
 225 g  flour 
 1  egg 
 30 g  butter 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Sauce : 
 1 clove  garlic 
 vegetable broth  necessary amount 
 30 g  butter 
 sage 
 Salmon : 
 20 cc  olive oil 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 360 g pink  salmon 
 Fried sage : 
 enough  oil  to fry 
 sage 
 Crocantes of cheese : 
 100 g grated  cheese 
 Directions : 
 In a pot place the  sweet potatoes  and cover with  water . Cook until the  sweet potatoes  are soft, 15 minutes approximately. Drain and purée. 
 Place in a pan to dry on a low heat and add  butter . 
 Place in a bowl and add the  egg ,  flour , salt and  pepper . 
 Mix with a wood spoon until read to knead. 
 Let the dough rest by 30 minutes in cold. 
 Form very small balls like  gnocchi , and dust with  flour . 
 In a pot with salty boiling  water , cook the ñoquis. 
 Sauce : 
 Chop the sage. 
 Peel and prick the  garlic . 
 In a frying pan, melt the  butter , sauté sage and  garlic . 
 Add  the ñoquis to the sauce Finishes and adds broth. 
 Salmon : 
 Slice the salmon into 2 fillets approximately ½ cm of wide each. 
 In a frying pan with  olive oil , add the salmon skin side down and fry a few minutes, season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Set aside. 
 Fried Salvia : 
 In a pot with abundant hot  oil , fry the sage leaves, then drain on absorbent paper. 
 Crocantes of cheese : 
 In a hot teflón frying pan, place the grated  cheese  in small piles, fry of both sides, retire and on the hand with one napkin and a spatula of curve form. 
 Presentation : 
 On a plate, pour the ñoquis with the sauce, on the salmon and fried sage 
 Top with the crocantes of  cheese  and  black pepper . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheese Recipes, Gnocchi Recipes, Paraguayan Meat Dishes, Recipes that need photos, Sage Recipes, Salmon Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category