Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Joululimppa

Description : 
 Finnish holiday rye bread
 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  buttermilk 
 ½ cup  molasses 
 ¼ cup  butter   or   margarine 
 2 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  fennel seeds 
 1 tsp  caraway seeds 
 2 tbsp  dry yeast 
 ½ cup warm  water 
 grated rind of 1  orange 
 1 cup  rye flakes   or   wheat germ 
 2 cups dark or light  rye flour 
 3½ to 4½ cups unbleached white  or   whole wheat flour 
 Glaze : 
 1 tbsp  molasses 
 2 tbsp  water 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  buttermilk ,  molasses ,  butter  or  margarine ,  salt ,  fennel seeds , and  caraway seeds  until the  butter  melts. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Dissolve the  yeast  in the warm  water . Let it stand for 5 minutes until the  yeast  bubbles. 
 Add the  yeast  to the cooled  buttermilk  mixture along with the grated  orange  rind,  rye flakes  or  wheat germ , and  rye flour . 
 Beat well until smooth. Add 3 to 3½ cups of  wheat flour , stirring in a cup at a time, until the dough will not readily absorb more  flour . The dough will be rough. 
 flour  a work surface with the remaining  wheat flour  and turn the dough out onto it. 
 Cover the dough with a damp cloth and let it rest for 15 minutes. 
 The gluten in  rye  is more fragile than in  wheat . It needs a resting time to recuperate and reform and does not require as vigorous or lengthy a kneading. 
 Gently knead the dough for 5 to 10 minutes until smooth. Form the dough into a ball and place it in a large buttered bowl or pot, turning it to coat all sides with  butter . Cover it and let it rise, in a warm spot, until doubled in size, about an hour. 
 Punch down the dough and gently knead it for one minute. 
 Form the dough into three round loaves and place in lightly buttered 9-inch cake pans or on buttered baking sheets. 
 Cover and let rise until almost doubled in size, 45 minutes to an hour. 
 Preheat the oven to 375°F. Combine the  water  and  molasses , brush the tops with half of this mixture to glaze. 
 Then lightly pierce the loaves all over with a fork. 
 Bake for 35 to 45 minutes, until the bread sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom. While the bread is hot, brush it with the remaining glaze. 
 Remove the loaves from the pans and cool on racks. 
 
 
 
Categories: Finnish Vegetarian, Finnish Snacks, World Recipes, Bread Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Wheat germ Recipes, Rye flakes Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category