Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dolsot_Bibim_Bap

Description : 
 Rice in stone pot with assorted mixtures
 
       Dolsot Bibim Bap     
 Ingredients : 
 30 g  zucchini  slices 
 30 g wild aster (or wild sunflower) 
 30 g roots of a  Chinese bellflower 
 30 g  bean sprouts 
 30 g English  spinach 
 30 g  bracken 
 1 block greenpea jelly 
 30 g  minced raw beef 
 1  egg yolk 
 2  ginkgo nut 
 1  walnut 
 1  chestnut 
 ¼ a piece  seaweed 
 1  lettuce  leaf 
 oil 
 soy sauce 
 ground  green onion 
 garlic 
 sesame salt 
 pepper 
 sesame oil 
 sugar 
 chile 
 Directions : 
 Boil the dried  zucchini  slices and then wash them. 
 Then add some ground  green onions ,  garlic ,  salt ,  sesame salt  and pan-broil them. 
 Finally add some  sesame oil  and mix. 
 Sort the wild aster. 
 Season with  green onion ,  garlic ,  sesame salt  and some soy sauce. 
 Panbroil in enough  oil . 
 Add  sesame oil  later. 
 Trim the English  spinach . 
 Boiling slightly and saute. 
 Season with ground  green onion ,  sesame salt ,  salt , soy sauce and some  sesame oil . 
 Rip the roots of broad bellflower into thin strips. 
 After boiling, panbroil with ground  green onion ,  sesame salt ,  salt  and some  sesame oil . 
 Sort the bracken and cut into reasonable size. 
 Panbroil with ground  green onion ,  garlic , soy sauce,  sesame salt ,  pepper  and  sesame oil . 
 Add a little bit of  water  and cook until tender. 
 Cut the  green pea  jelly block into thin slices. 
 Season with  salt  and  sesame oil . 
 Choose tender  steak  meat. 
 Slice thin strips. 
 Season with soy sauce,  sugar  and  sesame oil . 
 Slightly toast the seaweed and cut into thin strips. 
 Peel the  chestnut  and cut into same thin strips. 
 Put  rice  into the stone pot. 
 Arrange the prepared ingredients on top nicely. 
 Together with some  chile  paste and some  beef stock , and heat it until very hot. 
 Then mix together and enjoy. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/41/Stone_pot.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004637']
Categories: Bean sprout Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Chestnut Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Doraji Recipes, Fiddlehead Recipes, Ginkgo nut Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Korean Vegetarian, Walnut Recipes, Add category