Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Apple_Custard_Meringue_Pie

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   Pie Crust 
 1.2   Apple Pie Filling 
 1.3   Egg White / Meringue 
 1.4   Custard 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Custard (this can be done after the crust is baked) 
 2.2   Meringue (can be prepared last) 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Pie Crust : 
 3 cups all purpose  flour 
 1 x  egg 
 1/2 cup cold  water 
 1 tbsp  white vinegar 
 1/2 tsp  salt 
 1 cup  shortening 
 Apple  Pie Filling : 
 7 grandy smith  Apples 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 4 tbsp  white sugar 
 1/2 cup hot  water 
 Egg  White / Meringue : 
 3  egg  white 
 3 tbsp  white sugar 
 1 tsp  cream of tartar 
 Custard : 
 4 tbsp  custard powder 
 6 tbsp  white sugar 
 1 cup  milk 
 1/2 cup cold  water 
 Directions : 
 Mix the  shortening  and  flour  together. 
 Beat  egg  and  vinegar . 
 Dissolve  salt  in cold  water . 
 Pour the  egg  mixture to the  flour  mixture. Then add the salty solution slowly. 
 Massage the mixture into a dough. 
 Cover the dough with a dry cloth and leave it to sit on a bowl for half an hour. 
 Divide the dough into three parts. Roll one part and put in the baking tray. 
 Now make holes with a fork to allow air to escape when it cooks. Bake with 375 F until it turns light brown. 
 The other two parts can be kept for future use. 
 Apple  filling has to be prepared before baking the crust. 
 Slice the  Apples  into thin slices. 
 Add 2 table spoons of  butter  in a pan. Then pour in the sliced  Apples  stir for 2 minutes, add 4 table spoons of  white sugar . 
 Stir for 2 minutes, slowly add in 1/2 cup of hot  water  and cook with low temperature for 20 minutes or until the  Apple  is soft. 
 Custard (this can be done after the crust is baked) : 
 Mix the custard,  Sugar ,  milk  and cold  water . 
 Stir until all dissolve. 
 Cook with low temperature until it boils. 
 Meringue (can be prepared last) : 
 Beat the  egg  white with  Sugar  and  cream of tartar  until light fluffy. 
 Pour the  Apple  into the baked crust, then the custard and cover it with the  egg  white. 
 Bake with 350 F until the  egg  white turns light brown. 
 
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Custard Recipes, Custard and cream pie Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Meringue pie Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Add category