Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spanish_Saffron_Meatballs


 
       Spanish Saffron Meatballs     
 Description : 
 Makes 120 meatballs. For the very best flavor the meatballs need to be made a day ahead.
I also like to store the meatballs in a zip-loc bag so the gravy surrounds all of the meatballs. 
 This really makes the meatballs tender and flavorful. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs 96% lean  ground beef 
 2 lbs ground  pork 
 4 slices stone ground whole-wheat bread 
 ½ cup tightly packed  parsley 
 4 cloves  garlic 
 4 slices  bacon 
 4  eggs 
 ¼ cup  milk 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 ¼ teaspoon  black pepper 
 baking  cooking spray  (I use  olive oil  Pam) 
 3 tablespoons  olive oil 
 Gravy : 
 ¼ cup finely diced  onions 
 3 tablespoons  olive oil 
 4 teaspoons  flour  (I use Wondra) 
 ½ teaspoon  paprika 
 1 (16 ounces) can  beef broth 
 4 cloves  garlic 
 ¼ cup tightly packed  parsley 
 ¾ teaspoon  saffron  threads 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 Directions : 
 Place the  ground beef  and ground  pork  into a large bowl. 
 Place the sliced bread into the food processor. Pulse into fine bread crumbs and add to the bowl. 
 Place the  parsley  and  garlic  into the food processor and pulse until finely minced and add to the bowl. 
 Cut the  bacon  slices into 2" pieces. 
 Place in the food processor with the  milk , and 1 tbsp  olive oil . Pulse until the  bacon  has developed a ground meat texture. 
 Add the  eggs  and process for a few more seconds. 
 Add the  bacon  mixture and  black pepper  to the bowl. Mix until all the ingredients are thoroughly blended. 
 Form into 1" meatballs. (You should have approximately 120 meatballs) 
 Preheat the oven to 350 °F degrees. 
 Place the meatballs on a jelly roll pan, or cake pans that have been sprayed with baking spray. 
 Drizzle the meatballs with 3 tbsp of  olive oil . 
 Bake for 30 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Allow the meatballs to cool until easy to handle. 
 Gravy : 
 In a Dutch Oven saute the finely diced  onion  in 3 tbsp of  olive oil . 
 Once the  onion  has started to brown add the  flour , stir, and remove from the heat. 
 Add the  paprika ,  beef broth , and stir again. 
 Finishing and serving : 
 Add the meatballs, and cook over medium low heat for approximately 30 minutes, or until the gravy has reduced and thickened slightly. 
 Stir as needed to coat the meatballs, but be very gentle with the meatballs so they don't break apart. 
 Allow the meatballs to cool and place in the refrigerator. 
 45 minutes before serving; Place the remaining  garlic ,  parsley ,  saffron  threads, and  salt  in the food processor. 
 Pulse until finely minced. 
 Heat the meatballs and gravy, once they are warm add the  saffron  mixture and allow to cook for 10 more minutes. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/c0/1316743500.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004324']
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Beef Recipes, Meat appetizer Recipes, Meatball Recipes, Pork Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Spanish Appetizers, Add category