Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/BBQ_Beans

Description : 
 Beans  are a staple in many households. The Drawback to using dried beans as opposed to the canned variety has simply been time constraints. With your pressure cooker you can have your own home cooked  beans  in 70% less time. This recipe calls for use of the quick-soak method. using this method cuts even more time off cooking.
 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Source: Fagor America 
 Estimated Prep. Time: 5 Minutes | Cooking Time: 25 Minutes | Total: 30 Minutes 
 Serves 4 – 6 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound dry  navy  or  small white beans , rinsed and quick soaked 
 1 cup chopped  white onions 
 1 cup chopped  red onions 
 ⅛ cup minced  garlic 
 ¼ cup  red wine vinegar 
 1 tablespoon  Dijon mustard 
 ¼ cup  soy sauce 
 1 cup  dark brown sugar 
 ¼ cup  Worcestershire sauce 
 ¼ cup  ketchup 
 1 tablespoon dark  chili powder 
 1  chipotle chili , chopped 
 ½ pound canned  plum tomatoes , drained and chopped 
 ¼ cup  molasses 
 3 cups  water  or  chicken stock 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon  honey 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 To quick soak the beans : 
 Place the rinsed  beans  in the steamer basket on top of steamer trivet and put inside the pressure cooker. 
 Add 6 cups of  water . 
 Close lid, bring to high pressure and cook for 2 minutes. 
 Release pressure using the cold  water  release method. 
 Remove  beans  and rinse again. 
 Your beans are now ready to be cooked. 
 Assembly : 
 Return the  beans  to the cooker and add the  olive oil  and  water  or stock. 
 Close the lid, bring to high pressure and cook for 8 minutes. 
 Release pressure using the automatic release method. 
 Drain the  beans  and return them to the cooker. Beans may still remain a little hard. 
 Combine the remaining ingredients. 
 Close the lid again, bring to high pressure and cook for 15 minutes. 
 Release pressure using the cold  water  release method. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Chipotle pepper Recipes, Dark brown sugar Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Honey Recipes, Ketchup Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Navy bean Recipes, Add category