Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/San_Felipe-style_Fish_Tacos_in_Beer_Batter

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Salsa blanca 
 2.2   Rosarito beach salsa 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Salsa blanca 
 3.2   Rosarito beach salsa 
 3.3   Assembly 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Makes 18 tacos and 1 cup each of salsa blanca and rosarito beach salsa.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs firm-fleshed  fish  fillets 
 ½ cup  unbleached flour 
 2  eggs  separated 
 ½ tsp  garlic salt 
 1 tsp  oregano 
 ½ tsp  black pepper 
 ¼ tsp  cayenne pepper 
 ¾ cup  beer  room temperature 
 ¾ cup  unbleached flour 
 2 cups  canola oil 
 18 fresh corn  tortillas 
 Salsa blanca : 
 ½ cup  mayonnaise 
 ½ cup plain  yogurt  or  sour cream 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1¾ cup shredded  napa cabbage 
 Rosarito beach salsa : 
 ½ cup  oil 
 10  chiles de arbol 
 2  tomatoes 
 ½ cup  tomato sauce , canned 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 Directions : 
 Cut into strips about 2 inches wide and 3 inches long. 
 Roll in the ½ cup  flour , dust off excess. 
 Set aside while mixing batter. 
 Beat together  egg yolks , seasonings,  beer  and the ¾ cup  flour  until well blended. 
 Whisk  egg whites  until they resemble soft  whipped cream , then fold gently into batter. 
 Set aside. 
 This batter holds up quite well for up to 1 hour. 
 Heat  oil  in flat-bottomed wok or cast iron skillet. 
 Dip floured pieces in the  beer  batter and carefully slip into hot  oil . 
 Fry unto turns a deep gold, turning so it browns evenly. 
 Remove to crumpled paper towels to drain. 
 Warm  corn  tortillas on a griddle placed next to wok or skillet. 
 Salsa blanca : 
 Blend  mayonnaise ,  yogurt  and  salt . 
 Rosarito beach salsa : 
 Heat  oil  in a small cast iron pan and fry the chilies in in it until they are a deep burnished red. 
 This step gives the salsa an incomparable smoky flavor. 
 Remove to paper towels and blot off  oil . 
 While the chilies are cooling, broil the  tomatoes  about 5 minutes, turning once. 
 Remove cores and most of the skin. 
 Stem chilies and break pods into pieces. 
 Place  tomatoes ,  tomato  sauce,  salt  and chilies in the bowl of a food processor: process until chilies are broken up into small, dark flecks. 
 Use for tacos and over  eggs . 
 Assembly : 
 Spread a scant tablespoon of salsa blanca over warm tortilla, add a heaping tablespoon of shredded  cabbage  and press into sauce. 
 Add 2 or 3 chunks of fried and drizzle with rosarito beach salsa. 
 Eat immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Taco Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Unbleached flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Chile de arbol Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Recipes using beer, Fish Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Add category