Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roast_Chicken_with_Sausage-Apple_Stuffing


 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   contributed by  
 
 
 Description : 
 Who says chicken and sausage are pricey for everday cooking? This classic, red-hot poultry dish is made with real herbs and roasted to golden perfection including the stuffing, as it also keeps a warm, savory aroma with butter content and the chicken.
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup plus 2 tablespoons  butter 
 1 cup chopped scallions 
 1 teaspoon fresh  thyme , chopped 
 1 pound pork  sausage 
 1 teaspoon fresh  sage , crushed 
 1  egg , beaten 
 1 teaspoon fresh  rosemary , crumpled 
 3 cups cubed, dried  bread 
 1 teaspoon  pepper 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 roasting  chicken , about 6 pounds 
 3 tart  apples , peeled, cored, and cubed 
 Directions : 
 Melt  butter  in a small oven. Add half of the  thyme ,  sage ,  rosemary ,  salt , and  pepper ; this is the herb  butter . Set aside. 
 In a large oven, melt 2 tablespoons  butter  over moderate heat. Add scallions and cook until wilted. 
 Scrape  butter  and scallions into a large bowl. Set aside; add  Sausage  to the pan and cook, stirring to crumble until browned. Remove and use the scallion mixture for mixing the stuffing. 
 Add  egg ,  bread  cubes,  apples , scallion mixture, and the rest of the seasoning; just mix well. 
 Loosely stuff  chicken  cavity and tie legs together. Save the rest of the stuffing. Place the  chicken , breast side up, on a rack in an oven. 
 Brush with the herb  butter  and roast until internal temperature is 175° C and the  chicken  is golden brown, basting every 30 minutes. Add extra stuffing during the last 30 minutes of roasting. Serve hot and plain over rice. 
 contributed by  : 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/8c/Roasted-chicken-with-stuffing-gravy-large-24499.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130911211120']
Categories: World Recipes, Apple Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Sage Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Bread Recipes, Poultry Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Thanksgiving Recipes, Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Christmas Recipes, Herb Recipes, Fruit Recipes, Roasted Recipes, Add category