Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish_Ravioli

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Pasta 
 2.2   Filling and sauce 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Pasta 
 3.2   Sauce 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 4 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 Pasta : 
 200 g plain white  flour 
 4  eggs 
 Filling and sauce : 
 300 g  gurnard  and  hake 
 300 g  mussels 
 250 g  clams 
 40 g grated  grana  or  Parmesan cheese 
 ½ glass  white wine 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 clove  garlic 
 1 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 1  tomato 
 1  carrot 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 tbsp chopped  marjoram 
 ½  onion 
 ½  celery  stick 
 salt 
 freshly ground  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Fill a pot with 1.5 litres of salted  water  and place on the heat. 
 Chop the  celery ,  carrot ,  onion , and  bay leaf  and add to the pot. 
 As soon as the  water  boils, add the fish and cook for 5 minutes. 
 Drain the fish, strain the liquid and put to one side. 
 Remove the bones from the fish, push it through a sieve and add to the  eggs ,  cheese  and  marjoram . 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  and mix the ingredients thoroughly to get a smooth mixture. 
 Put to one side. 
 Now make the  pasta . 
 Pasta : 
 Tip the  flour  onto a work surface to make a heap. 
 Break the  eggs  into the  flour , season with  salt  and mix to get a thick, smooth dough. 
 Moisten with a little  water  if necessary. 
 Roll out with a rolling pin into a thin sheet and cover with a tea towel and leave to stand for 1 hour. 
 Now divide the  pasta  dough into 2 equal halves. 
 On one half, place little heaps of filling about 5 – 6 cm from each other. 
 Cover with the other half of dough and press firmly round the heaps of filling. 
 Cut into  ravioli  using a  pasta  cutter wheel, and leave them on the floured surface. 
 Now make the sauce. 
 Sauce : 
 Put the clams and mussels into a pan without  water . 
 Cover the pan and let the shells open over a high heat (it will take about 5 minutes). 
 Remove the shellfish from their shells (throw away any that have not opened) and chop them finely. 
 Finely chop the  garlic  and fry it gently on a low-medium heat for 3 – 4 minutes in a pan with the  oil . 
 Add the shellfish, raise the heat slightly, pour in the wine and let it evaporate. 
 Peel the  tomato , remove the seeds, chop and then add to the pan. 
 Sprinkle over the  parsley  and stir. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  and after 1 minute remove from the heat. 
 Cook the  ravioli  in plenty of salted  water , then drain and tip onto a serving plate. 
 Coat them with the sauce and serve piping hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Slovenian Appetizers, Slovenian Meat Dishes, Ravioli Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Hake Recipes, Gurnard Recipes, Mussel Recipes, Clam Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Marjoram Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, White wine Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category