Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Flaxseed_Flatbreads

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 tsp.  Sugar 
 1 ( 1/4-oz.) pkg.  active dry yeast 
 1/4 cup whole flaxseeds 
 1 cup  whole wheat flour 
 2 Tbs.  olive oil 
 2 Tbs. low-fat plain  yogurt 
 1 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 all-purpose flour 
 semolina  or  cornmeal  for dusting 
 Glaze and topping 
 Directions : 
 1. In large mixing bowl, mix 1 cup lukewarm  water  and  Sugar . Sprinkle in  yeast  and let stand until foamy, 10 minutes.
 
 2. Meanwhile, in spice grinder or blender, coarsely grind 1/4 cup flaxseeds.
 
 3. With wooden spoon, gradually beat  whole wheat flour  into  yeast  mixture; beat about 2 minutes. Stir in ground flaxseeds,  oil ,  yogurt  and  salt . Gradually beat in just enough  all-purpose flour  until dough is too stiff to stir.
 
 4. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead, adding just enough  flour  to prevent sticking, until smooth and elastic, 5 to 10 minutes. (You can mix and knead dough in stand-up mixer fitted with paddle attachment, then dough hook.)
 
 5. Place dough in lightly oiled large bowl and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
 
 6. Place baking stone or inverted baking sheet in oven to heat. Preheat oven to 500F. (Heat baking stone for 25 minutes before baking; heat baking sheet for 10 minutes.)
 
 7. Punch dough down. Turn out onto lightly floured surface and knead a few times. Divide dough into 2 pieces. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest about 20 minutes.
 
 8. Dust pizza peel or large metal spatula with  cornmeal . In small bowl, combine  egg  and 1 tablespoon  water ; stir briskly with fork. Use your hands to press one piece of dough into an oval, then continue to stretch and press it into 10 x 7-inch oval, slightly less than 1/2-inch thick. Place oval on pizza peel. Brush top with  egg  glaze. Dip your fingertips in  egg  glaze and press them into dough to form dimples all over flatbread. Sprinkle with 2 teaspoons whole flaxseeds.
 
 . Working quickly, open oven door, hold pizza peel at slight angle and tip end toward back of the baking stone. Give pizza peel a quick jerk, letting flatbread slide onto baking stone. Quickly close oven door and bake flatbread until lightly browned and puffed, 11 to 12 minutes. Immediately wrap baked flatbread in kitchen towel to keep it soft and warm. Repeat with remaining dough and  flaxseed  topping.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cornmeal Recipes, Flax seed Recipes, Semolina Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category