Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eight-layer_Casserole

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 8 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 3 cups dried medium  noodles  (6 oz) 
 1 lb  ground beef 
 2 x 8 oz cans  tomato sauce 
 1 tsp dried  basil , crushed 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 ½ tsp  garlic powder 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp  black pepper 
 1 x 8-oz carton dairy  sour cream 
 1 x 8-oz pkg  cream cheese , softened 
 ½ cup  milk 
 ⅓ cup chopped  onion  (1 small) 
 1 x 10-oz pkg frozen chopped  spinach , cooked and well drained 
 1 cup shredded  cheddar  cheese (4 oz) 
 Directions : 
 Grease a 2-qt casserole or a 2-qt square baking dish; set aside. 
 Cook noodles according to package directions; drain and set aside. 
 Meanwhile, in a large skillet cook  beef  until brown. 
 Drain off fat. 
 Stir tomato sauce,  basil ,  sugar ,  garlic powder ,  salt  and  pepper  into skillet. 
 Bring to boiling; reduce heat. 
 Simmer, uncovered, for 5 minutes. 
 In a med mixing bowl beat together the  sour cream  and  cream cheese  with an electric mixer on med speed until smooth. 
 Stir in  milk  and  onion . 
 In prepared casserole or baking dish, layer half of the noodles (about 2cups), half of the meat mixture (about 1½ cups), half of the cream cheese mixture (about 1 c), and all of the  spinach . 
 Top with the remaining meat mixture and noodles. 
 Cover and chill remaining cream cheese mixture until needed. 
 Cover casserole or baking dish with lightly greased foil. 
 Bake in 350 degree f oven about 45 minutes or until heated through. 
 Uncover; spread with remaining  cream cheese  mixture. 
 Sprinkle with the  cheddar   cheese . 
 Bake, uncovered, about 10 minutes more or until cheese is melted. 
 Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per Serving: 
 
 Cals: 472 | Total fat: 30g | sat fat: 17g | chol: 127 mg | sod: 683 mg | carb: 25g | fiber: 3g | protein: 27g 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Casserole Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Basil Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Noodle Recipes, Onion Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Add category