Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Curried_Flatbread_with_Vegetables_and_Thyme


 
 Ingredients : 
 4  shallots , sliced in thin rings 
 1 tbsp  butter 
 3 small Asian  eggplants , sliced into ¼-inch discs 
 salt 
 4 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 tsp  garam masala 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 ½ cup  sun-dried tomatoes 
 1 cup  grape ,  cherry   or   pear tomatoes 
 12 small sprigs young fresh  thyme 
 Flatbread : 
 7 tbsp warm  water 
 1 tbsp  active dry yeast 
 pinch  granulated sugar 
 2 tbsp  butter , melted and cooled 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  dill 
 1¼ to 1½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1  egg yolk  mixed with 2 tbsp  water 
 kosher salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Caramelize shallots and  butter  in medium-sized sauté pan over low heat. 
 Place  eggplant  in bowl, sprinkle with  salt  and let it sit for 30 minutes. 
 Rinse  eggplant , and toss in separate bowl with 1½ tablespoons  olive oil . 
 Preheat oven to 275°F. 
 Place  eggplant  on nonstick sheet pan, and bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until slightly golden and tender. 
 Leave oven on, increasing temperature to 350 °F. 
 In small bowl, mix remaining 2½ tablespoons  olive oil  and  garam masala . 
 Using pastry brush, brush flatbread with  garam masala   oil  and place some caramelized shallots,  sun-dried tomatoes ,  grape tomatoes  and  eggplant  on top of flatbread. 
 Place flatbread in oven at 350°F for 5 minutes, or until hot. 
 To serve, place warm flatbread on each plate and top with sprigs of fresh  thyme  and freshly ground  black pepper . 
 
 
 Flatbread : 
 Combine warm  water ,  yeast  and  sugar  in small mixing bowl. 
 Let sit for 3 minutes, then add  butter ,  salt  and  dill . 
 Using an electric mixer fitted with dough hook or mixing by hand, add  flour  until fully incorporated and dough is smooth, but not sticky. 
 Form into ball, place in lightly oiled bowl and cover with damp cloth. 
 Let rise in warm place for about 45 minutes, or until tripled in volume. 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Divide into 4 or 6 equal portions. 
 On lightly floured surface, roll dough into thin, round discs about 6 to 8 inches in diameter. 
 Place on lightly oiled sheet pan, and score with tines of fork. 
 Brush with  egg  wash, and lightly sprinkle with  kosher salt . 
 Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown. 
 Remove from pan and let cool. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cherry tomato Recipes, Dill Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Grape tomato Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Sun-dried tomato Recipes, Teardrop tomato Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Add category