Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cranberries_by_Jennifer_Wickes

      Cranberries     
 Name Variations : 
 Also known as called bounceberries, because ripe ones bounce, and craneberries!
 
 About cranberries : 
 Mmmm! Cranberries! Every time I see cranberries, I just know the holiday season has started! It reminds me of cold weather, family time and carefree moments as a child. You can find them in baked goods, in sauces, as drinks, cooked with meat, or even strung up with popcorn to go on a Christmas tree! But what do you really know about cranberries? 
 Cranberries are grown in huge sandy bogs off of vines in Northern Europe and in some of the northern United States. They are harvested in September and October, yet their peak-selling season is between Halloween and Christmas! 
 When taking home your package of cranberries, throw out any shriveled or discolored cranberries. They should then be wrapped tight and stored in the refrigerator for approximately 2 months or even in the freezer for up to a year! 
 Cranberries are very high in Vitamin C, and can help in the treatment of bladder infections. 
 Due to the fact that cranberries are extremely tart, they are usually combined with another fruit when cooking or processing. Beware of straight cranberry juice as a lot of sugar may have been added to make the juice more palatable! 
 The following recipe I have made during Christmas for potluck Christmas parties. It has always been a hit! 
 
 Cranberry-Orange Walnut Scones 
 My mother makes the next recipe for a Christmas auction every year to help raise money for the non-profit organization she belongs too. People have paid as much as $12 a jar for this! 
 
 Cranberry Sauce with Bourbon 
 Here is another great recipe: 
 
 Hot Cranberry Punch 
 Further reading : 
 For more information about cranberries, please go:  www.cranberriesmagazine.com 
 To understand how cranberry juice helps to eliminate bladder infections, please read  Suite 101’s Neale Rolfe Chamberlain’s article 
 To learn more about cranberries in the United States, read  Suite 101’s Audrey Stallsmith’s recent article 
 This article was originally published at  Suite101.com 
 About the author : 
 Jennifer Wickes may be contacted at  Comcast  CulinaryJen@comcast.net
 Jennifer A. Wickes is a freelance food writer, researcher and cookbook reviewer. She has written several eBooks, and has had several articles and recipes in printed publications. She is working on her first cookbook.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/6c/Cranberries.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004243']
Categories: Cranberry, Articles, Add category