Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sullivan_Estate_Ginger_Beef

Description : 
 I obtained this recipe from an estate sale when I purchased the family collection from the Sullivan Estate in Dallas, Texas in 1988. 
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound  sirloin 
 1  celery  stalk 
 1  carrot 
 3 hot  chili peppers 
 2 tablespoons fresh  ginger  minced 
 2 cloves  garlic  minced 
 1 teaspoon  sesame oil 
 Marinade : 
 2 tablespoons  dark soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon cooking  wine 
 1 teaspoon  sugar 
 2 tablespoons  ginger juice 
 1  egg white  lightly beaten 
 ¼ cup water 
 ¼ cup  flour 
 ¼ cup  cornstarch 
 1 tablespoon  hot chili oil 
 Sauce : 
 1 tablespoon  wine 
 2 tablespoons  soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon  vinegar 
 4 tablespoons  honey 
 ½ teaspoon  sesame oil 
 2 tablespoons water 
 1 teaspoon  chili powder 
 5 cups oil for deep-frying 
 1 tbsp oil for stir-frying 
 Directions : 
 Cut beef into matchstick strips cutting along the grain. 
 Peel and grate ginger then squeeze out juice. 
 Mix four marinade ingredients. 
 Add to beef and marinate 30 minutes. 
 Cut carrots, celery and pepper into thin strips. 
 Mince garlic. 
 For ginger use the leftover minced ginger from the preparation of ginger juice. 
 Mix sauce ingredients and set aside. 
 Beat egg white and add water then add flour and cornstarch. 
 Mix batter thoroughly and drop into marinated meat. 
 Heat wok. 
 When heated add 5 cups oil. 
 When oil is ready add about ¼ of the meat batter mixture. 
 Deep fry beef until golden brown. 
 Remove and set aside. 
 Let oil come back to original temperature and add more meat. 
 When meat is cooked clean the wok. 
 Heat and add 1 tablespoon oil. 
 When oil is ready add vegetables and begin stir frying. 
 Pour in the sauce and let come to a boil. 
 Add the deep fried beef then toss quickly and remove. 
 Sprinkle with sesame oil and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef sirloin Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Celery Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Ginger juice Recipes, Add category