Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pastelillos


 
 Description : 
 Turnovers
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 package of frozen disks (thawed in the refrigerator they come 10 in a package) 
 1 cup of shredded  cheddar  cheese (use this as a  cheese  filling only) 
 ½ lb  ground beef 
 ½ lb  ground veal 
 ½ lb  ground pork  (optional for those of you that do not partake of this meat) 
 4 to 6 tablespoons of  sofrito 
 1 teaspoon of  oregano 
 6 to 8 pitted  or   Spanish olives  sliced 
 4 tablespoons of  olive oil 
 2 to tablespoons of  tomato paste  (or you can use about ¼ can of  tomato sauce ) 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 oil   or   shortening  for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 In a large frying pan put 2 table spoons of  olive oil  and bring up to heat. 
 Combine ground meats place in pan and cook thoroughly. 
 Remove from stove , drain all grease and set aside. 
 In a pot that will be large enough to hold the meat you have so far prepared add 2 tablespoons of  olive oil  and bring up to heat stir in the sofrito and blend well with the  oil . 
 Add  tomato  paste or sauce along with the sliced and  oregano  along with  salt  and  pepper  and blend all the flavors. 
 Now add your ground meat making sure to mix all ingredient together, now would be a good time to check taste and see if you need more  salt . 
 Your mixture should be nice and moist but not so moist as to have juices bubbling on the top, if so let the mixture simmer on low heat uncovered until you have a moist not dry consistency. 
 When done set aside and allow mixture to cool. 
 To prepare the turnovers separate the disks one at a time for each turnover you are filling. 
 Place on a clean flat surface and spoon in some of the mixture ( a tablespoon is usually enough). 
 Fold the disk over so that the two ends meet and with a fork gently press down on the edges to seal the dough. 
 Continue this process until you think you have made enough. 
 If you plan to make more than a few at one time. I would advise you to store them in the refrigerator until you are ready to fry them, so that the dough dose not become so soft that it starts falling apart on you. 
 Place  oil  or  shortening  for frying in a deep fryer and bring up to heat about 375 °F. 
 You can start by placing one turnover in the fryer and bathing with hot  oil  by spooning  oil  over it and fry until golden brown, once done allow to drain on some paper towel, and serve nice and hot. 
 Continue until you have completed all the turnovers. 
 Use the same procedure for the  cheese  filling. 
 If you still have some fill left you can freeze it and save it for next time. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheddar Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Ground veal Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Puerto Rican Appetizers, Recipes that need photos, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category