Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dreamy_Snowdrift_Torte

Serves 10-16, depending on portions; it is very rich.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   Batter 
 1.2   Filling Layer # 1 (white chocolate Ganache) 
 1.3   Filling Layer #2 
 1.4   Filling Layer # 3 
 1.5   Filling Layer # 4 (and topping) 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Batter 
 2.2   Filling Layer #1 
 2.3   For Filling Layer #3 
 2.4   For Filling Layer #4 
 2.5   To Assemble 
 2.6   Garnish 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Batter : 
 3/4 	stick 	real  butter , softened 
 3/4 	cup 	 Sugar 
 3 	x 	large  eggs 
 1 	tsp 	 vanilla extract 
 1/2 	tsp 	 almond  flavoring 
 2/3 	cup 	half and half 
 1 1/2 	cup 	 cake flour 
 1 1/2 	tsp 	 baking powder 
 Filling Layer # 1 (white chocolate Ganache) : 
 1 	bag 	12 oz white baking morsels 
 1/3 	cup 	 cream 
 Filling Layer #2 : 
 12 	oz 	 sliced almonds 
 Filling Layer # 3 : 
 1 	package 	8 oz pkg  cream cheese , softened 
 1 	cup 	confectioners  Sugar 
 1/2 	tsp 	 almond  flavoring 
 Filling Layer # 4 (and topping) : 
 2 	cups 	heavy (whipping)  cream , chilled 
 1 	cup 	confectioners  Sugar 
 1 	tbsp 	white  vanilla 
 Directions : 
 Batter : 
 Cream  butter  and  Sugar  together until fluffy. 
 Add  eggs , one at a time, stirring well after each one is added, then add  vanilla  and  almond  flavor. 
 cream  again for about 2 minutes. In separate bowl, mix  flour  and  baking powder . 
 Add ½ of the half and half and ½ of the  flour  mixture to  butter / Sugar  mixture and mix well. 
 Add remaining half and half and  flour  mixture and mix well. 
 Grease and lightly dust with  flour  4, 8- inch cake pans, preferably stainless steel for even cooking. 
 Fill each pan with about ¼ of the batter and carefully shake each pan back and forth until batter is evenly distributed. 
 Bake at 350 degrees for 12–15 minutes, until just done. 
 DO NOT OVERCOOK. 
 Remove from oven and allow to cool, lightly covered to prevent drying. 
 Filling Layer #1 : 
 Place morsels in microwaveable bowl and pour  cream  over them. 
 Melt in microwave 20 seconds at a time, stirring after each 20 second interval, until smooth. 
 For Filling Layer #3 : 
 Mix ingredients well, until smooth in medium bowl. 
 For Filling Layer #4 : 
 Beat  cream  on high for 3 minutes, until soft peaks start to form in large glass bowl. 
 Add  Sugar  and  vanilla  and continue to beat with mixer another 2–5 minutes, until it forms stiff peaks. 
 To Assemble : 
 Note: All steps can be done the day ahead, reserving final assembly to 2 hours before serving. 
 Remove cooled cake layers from pans and place on wire racks, two to a rack. 
 Spread each cake with  white chocolate  ganache, including sides (a scraper or  butter  knife works well on the sides). 
 While ganache is still soft, cover the top only with a layer of thinly  sliced almonds , pressing them slightly into the ganache. 
 Place in freezer for 10–20 minutes to set the ganache. 
 Remove from freezer and spread the  cream cheese  layer over the  almonds . 
 Refrigerate at least ½ an hour (can be refrigerated, covered, 24 hours). 
 The final assembly can be done 2 hours before serving. 
 To assemble, place a cake on a serving plate and spread a ½ inch or thicker, layer of the chilled, sweetened  whipped cream  over the top, creating thick  Scallops  at the very edge. 
 Place the second cake layer on top and continue until all 4 cake layers are stacked high. 
 Spoon remaining  whipped cream  onto the top of the torte and using a spoon, create deep valleys and peaks in the  cream . 
 Sprinkle with any combination of garnishes listed above. 
 Garnish : 
 Large, sparkling, bake and melt-proof  white sugar , white, gold or silver edible glitter. 
 Chill in refrigerator at least one hour before serving. 
 Serve chilled with orange-tinged or spiced hot  chocolate  and gourmet coffees. 
 
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Cream cheese Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, White chocolate Recipes, Add category