Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Har_Gow

These are the steamed  shrimp  dumplings that become opaque
or translucent after steaming.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Har Gow Dough:
 
 2 TB  Potato  starch 
 1 cup  Wheat  starch 
 1/4 tsp  salt 
 1/2 cup boiling  water , plus 3 TB Boiling  water 
 1 tsp  lard 
 Filling:
 
 Wheat  starch for dusting 
 1/2 lb Raw  shrimp , peeled and -chopped 
 1/4 lb Precooked salad  shrimp , -chopped 
 2 ounces  Pork  fat, chopped fine 
 1/4 cup  bamboo shoots , chopped 
 1/4 tsp Ground white  pepper 
 1/4 tsp Grated fresh  ginger 
 1/2 tsp  salt 
 1/2 tsp Sesame  oil 
 1 TB Chopped green  Onion 
 1  egg  white 
 1 TB Dry  sherry 
 1 TB  cornstarch 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Place all filling ingredients in a bowl and mix well, by hand until the ingredients form a smooth and rather firm stuffing. 
 This will take about 2 minutes. 
 Dough:Measure both starches and  salt  into a small mixing bowl. 
 Quickly pour the boiling  water  into the starches while stirring with chopsticks until you get a partially cooked dough. 
 Do not overwork the dough. Quickly add the  lard  in little pinches and then knead until smooth. 
 When the dough is smooth, after about 2 minutes' kneading, cover it with the mixing bowl and allow it to rest for 15 minutes before shaping. 
 To shape the dumplings, pull just a bit more than 1 tsp of dough from the ball. 
 Keep the remainder of the dough covered with the bowl. Roll the small amount into a ball and place onto a floured marble board. 
 Roll out into a circle about 3 inches in diameter. 
 Place 1 t of the  shrimp  filling in the center of the circle of dough and fold over into a half-moon. 
 Use a tiny bit of  water  for sealing the edges. Be sure to gently press out all the air. 
 If you wish, you can form little pleats in the dough for added decoration. 
 Steam on an oiled bamboo steaming rack for 12 minutes. 
 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Bamboo shoot Recipes, Pork Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sherry Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Wheat Recipes, World Recipes, Add category