Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Canape_Recipe_%E2%80%93_Potato_Cake_with_cream_cheese_and_smoked_salmon

Made with an assortment of extremely flavorful and delicious ingredients, canapes are tiny and decadent food items that are commonly enjoyed as starters. Generally served before meals or at cocktail parties at premier resorts properties the likes of The Nautilus Maldives, meticulous detail and attention is given to them when making regardless of their size. Read on to know how you could make one of the most popular canape dishes from the comfort of your home. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Potato Cakes 
 1kg baking  potatoes    
 100g  butter  (melted) 
 100g  flour , plus extra for dusting 
 1 tsp  Baking soda 
 Topping 
 280g  Cream cheese 
 100ml  Double cream 
 zest  and  juice  of 1  lemon 
 200g  Smoked salmon  slices 
 small bunch  dill , fronds picked 
 50g  capers , halved 
 Directions : 
 Poke the potatoes with a fork all around, place on a tray lined with parchment, and bake at 220C/200C for 1 hr 15 minutes, or the exterior becomes crispy and the inside is fully cooked and moist.  Once cooked keep them aside on a rack to 
 cool.
 
 Cut the cooled potatoes into halves, scoop out the flesh from the skin and add it to a bowl (discard the skin). 
 Mash the potatoes thoroughly adding in 2/3 of the melted butter, baking soda and the flour. 
 Season the mix once you add in all the ingredients. 
 Brush half of the remaining butter on to a parchment and line it on top of a large baking tray (approx 35 x 25cm) 
 Roll the potato dough flat and place it on the baking tray, brush the remaining butter on the dough and bake it on a preheated oven at 180C/160C for 45 minutes. 
 Once cooked remove the tray and leave it to rest. 
 For the topping, add in the cream cheese into a large bowl and whisk until it becomes light and smooth. 
 Add the double cream and lemon juice, seasoning it as desired. 
 Spread the mixture over cooled potato cake. 
 Now cut the cake into very small squares and top each one of them with the strips of salmon, caperberries, dill fronds and top them with the zest of the lemon. 
 Serve fresh with some wine! 
 
 
 
Categories: Canapé Recipes, Appetizer Recipes, Potato Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Smoked salmon Recipes, Dill Recipes, Caper Recipes, Add category