Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Butter_Fudge

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  granulated sugar 
 1/2 cup evaporated whole  milk , unsweetened 
 1 1/2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 1/4 teaspoon  salt 
 1 (2-inch) piece  lemon  zest 
 4 tablespoons  butter  (not  margarine ) 
 1/2 to 1 teaspoon  lemon extract  (optional) 
 1/2 cup chopped  nuts  (optional) 
 4 drops yellow  food coloring  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 butter  the upper sides of a 2-quart saucepan. Put all ingredients except  butter  and the optional ingredients into the saucepan. Grease and line a 10 x 5-inch pan. Freeze all the  butter . Fill the kitchen sink with 1/2 inch of  water . 
 
 
 Dissolve the  Sugar . The mixture may look curdled, but it will turn out fine. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon over low heat until the spoon glides smoothly over the bottom of the an. Increase heat to medium and bring to a boil. 
 
 
 Wash down any crystals that may have formed with a pastry brush dipped in hot  water , using as little  water  as possible. Clip a candy thermometer to the side of the saucepan. Reduce heat while retaining boil. Stir no more than necessary. Test in  ice   water  when mixture thickens and bubbles become noisy. A ball, formed in  ice   water , should hold its shape until heat from your hand begins to flatten it, and it should be slightly chewy. The temperature will be approximately 236 degrees F to 244 degrees F. 
 
 
 Remove saucepan from heat and place it in the sink. Add frozen  butter  without stirring, then allow the fudge to cool. 
 
 
 Stir when lukewarm and skin forms on top (110 degrees F). Add  food coloring  and check flavoring. Add optional  lemon extract  if desired. Remove zest, then agitate in a food processor or with an electric mixer and not by hand. Pause frequently to allow fudge to react. Watch for fudge to thicken, lose its sheen, become light in color or streaked with lighter shades, give off some heat, and suddenly stiffen. If mixing by hand, fudge will "snap" with each stroke; by mixer, mixer waves will become very distinct; by food processor, fudge will flow sluggishly back to center when processor is stopped. 
 
 
 Add optional chopped  nuts  just before you pour. Pour, score and store when cool in airtight container in refrigerator or at room temperature. Yields 1 pound. This recipe is not easily doubled, but it can be frozen. 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Fudge Recipes, Lemon extract Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category