Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pumpkin-Hazelnut_Tea_Cake

Description : 
 If pumpkins are in season, roast a small pie pumpkin and puree the flesh in a blender or food processor for this loaf cake. Otherwise, use canned pumpkin. This cake makes a nice holiday gift.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Makes 12 slices 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons  canola oil 
 ¾ cup homemade or canned  pumpkin  purée 
 ½ cup  honey 
 3 tablespoons firmly packed  brown sugar 
 2  eggs , lightly beaten 
 1 cup  whole-wheat (whole-meal) flour 
 ½ cup  all-purpose (plain) flour 
 2 tablespoons  flaxseed 
 ½ teaspoon  baking powder 
 ½ teaspoon ground  allspice 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 ½ teaspoon ground  nutmeg 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  cloves 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 2 tablespoons chopped  hazelnuts  (filberts) 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Lightly coat an 8-by-4-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. 
 In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on low speed, beat together the canola oil, pumpkin puree, honey, brown sugar and eggs until well blended. 
 In a small bowl, whisk together the flours, flaxseed, baking powder, allspice, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and salt. 
 Add the flour mixture to the pumpkin mixture and, using the electric mixer on medium speed, beat until well blended. 
 Pour the batter into the prepared pan. 
 Sprinkle the hazelnuts evenly over the top and press down gently to lodge the nuts into the batter. 
 Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean, about 50 to 55 minutes. 
 Let cool in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes. 
 Turn the loaf out of the pan onto the rack and let cool completely. 
 Cut into 12 slices to serve. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 1 slice 
 Calories 176 | Cholesterol 35mg | Protein 4g | Sodium 80mg | Carbohydrate 28g | Fiber 3g | Total fat 6g | Potassium 134mg | Saturated fat 1g | Calcium 27mg | Monounsaturated fat 3g
 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Cake Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Honey Recipes, Egg Recipes, Flax seed Recipes, Hazelnut Recipes, Add category