Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hawaiian_Haystacks_II

File:Placeholder 
 Prep Time: 
 Cook time: 
 Serves: 
 
 Description : 
 The "Hawaiian Haystacks" combination sounds extremely odd, but it has a wonderful taste. Every time it was served in the cafeteria of the hospital where I worked more than a decade ago, I was first in line to get a plateful.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 cups cooked  chicken  (either cook from fresh or use leftovers) 
 2 cups  cream of chicken  soup (combined with 1 cup of water) 
 ½ cup  celery , sliced 
 ½ cup frozen or fresh  peas  (do not use canned) 
 1 cup  carrots , peeled and sliced 
 ½ cup  green onions , sliced (include greens) 
 ½ cup dry  Chinese noodles 
 1 cup  cheddar  cheese, grated 
 ½ cup  maraschino cherries 
 ½ cup  pineapple  chunks (canned) 
 1 cup  slivered almonds 
 ¼ cup shredded  coconut 
 2 cups  white rice , cooked 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 In a large pot, combine the cream of chicken soup, and one cup of water so that when stirred, it resembles a thick gravy. 
 Season with salt and pepper. 
 Cook the chicken by broiling, baking or steaming (or use leftovers), and cube into bite-sized pieces. 
 Mix the cooked chicken cubes with the chicken soup mixture into the large pot. 
 (add another can of cream of chicken soup and more water if there is not enough gravy to cover the chicken pieces). 
 Simmer this mixture while preparing the other ingredients and cooking the white rice.  Note:  Use  Uncle Ben's Boil-In-A-Bag Rice , or go from scratch using long-grain rice and boil for twenty minutes. 
 On a serving platter (or in a large casserole dish), layer rice on the bottom. 
 Top with the chicken and gravy mixture, and then layer with the celery, peas, carrots, green onions, maraschino cherries, pineapple chunks and the coconut. 
 Sprinkle the Chinese noodles, slivered almonds and cheese on the very top. 
 Either re-heat on the platter or the baking dish in a microwave or oven (just enough to make the food hot), and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Hawaiian Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Celery Recipes, Pea Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chinese noodle Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Maraschino cherry Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Almond Recipes, White rice Recipes, Canned chicken soup Recipes, Add category