Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sambhar

Description : 
       Sambhar     
 Ethnicity - South Indian 
 Type of meal - Party, Lunch, Dinner 
 Ingredients : 
 Ingredients 'A' : 
 ½  bitter gourd  (pavakkai) 
 1  brinjal  ( egg  plant) 
 1  drum stick 
 4  ladies finger 
 4  red chillies  (split into 2) 
 Ingredients 'B' : 
 1 cup sambar  dal  (red  gram dal ) 
 1 sprig  curry leaves 
 ½ tsp  turmeric powder 
 1 cup  water 
 Ingredients 'C' : 
 size of a golf ball  tamarind 
 1 sprig  curry leaves 
 ¼ tsp  asafoetida powder 
 1 tsp red  chilli powder 
 ¼ tsp grated  molasses 
 2 tbsp  coconut oil 
 salt  to taste 
 1 cup  water 
 Ingredients 'D' : 
 ¼ tsp white  gram dal 
 2 tbsp dried  coriander seeds 
 ¼ tsp  fenugreek 
 4  dried chilli 
 ½ tsp  coconut oil 
 Ingredients 'E' : 
 2 tsp  coconut oil 
 2  dried chillies  split into two 
 1 tsp  mustard 
 Ingredients 'F' : 
 a few  coriander leaves 
 Directions : 
 Clean the vegetables and slice into long pieces. 
 Wash the  dal . 
 Boil 3 cups of  water  and cook  dal  in it. Add  turmeric powder  and  curry leaves  into the  dal . Keep it aside. 
 Fry the ingredients D in ½ tsp  coconut oil . Grind it to a smooth paste and keep aside. 
 Mash the  tamarind  in 1 cup  water  and strain. 
 Boil the  tamarind water  with red  chilli powder ,  salt ,  curry leaves ,  asafoetida  and  molasses . 
 When it boils, add 2tbs of  coconut oil . Add the vegetables except the ladies finger into it. Cook till done and add the prepared  dal  into it. 
 Bring to a boil and add the ladies finger and the ground masalas. Remove from fire after boiling. 
 Season with  mustard seeds  and dried chillies. Sprinkle the Sambar with chopped  coriander leaves . 
 Note: Various vegetables like  potato ,  carrot ,  radish ,  tomato  etc can also be added to the sambar. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/9/9f/Sambar.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004107']
Categories: South Indian Vegetarian, Asafetida Recipes, Bitter melon Recipes, Channa dal Recipes, Coconut oil Recipes, Coriander seed Recipes, Curry Recipes, Curry leaf Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Add category