Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Deep-dish_Salad_Pizza

Description : 
 This is high in sodium. Try to cut back on sodium where you can... like lower sodium/fats for the dressing and cheeses and meats. Take care, Gloria
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source: Midwest Living 
 Prep: 20 minutes 
 Bake: 25 to 30 minutes 
 Makes 8 main-dish servings 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup bottled creamy garlic  salad dressing 
 ⅛ to ¼ tsp  cayenne pepper 
 4 cups torn  sorrel  and/or  spinach 
 2 cups cooked  ham ,  chicken ,  turkey ,  beef ,  pork , or  lamb , cut into bite-size strips 
 1 x 6-oz jar marinated  artichoke hearts , drained and coarsely chopped 
 1 x 2¼ oz can sliced pitted  ripe olives , drained 
 1 x 17.3 oz pkg. (2 sheets) frozen  puff pastry , thawed 
 1½ cups shredded  fontina  cheese,  provolone  cheese, or  mozzarella  cheese (6 oz) 
 1½ cups shredded  muenster  cheese or  gruyère  cheese (6 oz) 
 3 cups assorted fresh mushrooms ( shiitake ,  chanterelle ,  oyster , ya  porcini , brown, and/or white) 
 2 medium  tomatoes , thinly sliced 
 Directions : 
 Dressing : 
 In a small bowl, stir together salad dressing and cayenne pepper. 
 Set aside. 
 Sorrel mixture : 
 In a large bowl, combine sorrel, desired meat, artichoke hearts, and olives. 
 Toss lightly to mix. 
 Cover; chill in the refrigerator while preparing crust. 
 Pizza : 
 For a 14-inch round pizza, on a lightly floured surface place 1 sheet of pastry on top of the other sheet, staggering corners. 
 Roll pastry from center to edge, forming a 14-inch circle (for a 15 x 10-inch rectangular pizza, place pastry sheets on top of each other without staggering the corners. Roll out pastry, forming a 15x10-inch rectangle). 
 Wrap pastry around the rolling pin. 
 Unroll pastry into a 14-inch deep-dish pizza pan (or a 15 x10 x1-inch baking pan). 
 Prick bottom well with the tines of a fork. 
 Bake in a 375°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes or until pastry is golden brown (pastry may shrink). 
 In a medium mixing bowl, combine fontina and muenster cheese. 
 Sprinkle 1½ cups of the cheese mixture over the warm crust. 
 Top with mushrooms. 
 Return crust to the oven. 
 Bake for 4 to 5 minutes more or until cheese begins to melt. 
 Meanwhile, pour dressing over sorrel mixture and toss lightly to coat. 
 Spread sorrel mixture over melted cheese on crust. 
 Sprinkle with remaining cheese mixture. 
 Return to oven. 
 Bake for 4 to 5 minutes more or until cheese is melted. 
 To serve, immediately garnish with tomato slices. 
 Cut into wedges or squares. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 693 Calories | 50g Total Fat | 17g Saturated Fat | 64mg Cholesterol | 1243mg Sodium | 41g Carbs | 4g Fiber | 22g Protein | 20% Vitamin C | 30% Calcium | 21% Iron 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Pizza Recipes, Prepared salad dressing Recipes, Sorrel Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Ham Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Beef Recipes, Pork Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Puff pastry Recipes, Fontina Recipes, Provolone Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Muenster Recipes, Gruyère Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Chanterelle Recipes, Oyster mushroom Recipes, Porcino Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category