Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Penne_alla_Vodka

Description : 
 Always check the ingredients to make sure the product is vegan.
 
 Ingredients : 
 salt 
 1 x 35-ounce can Italian  plum tomatoes  with their liquid 
 1 pound  penne 
 ¼ cup extra-virgin  olive oil 
 10 cloves  garlic , peeled 
 crushed  hot red pepper 
 ¼ cup  vodka 
 ½ cup heavy vegan  cream  (you can order it from veganstore.com or make your own by blending  silken tofu  and  soy milk ) 
 2 tablespoons  soy margarine  or  olive oil  for finishing the sauce, if you like 
 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh  Italian parsley 
 ¾ cup soy Parmesan, plus more for passing if you like 
 Directions : 
 Bring 6 quarts of salted  water  to a boil in an 8-quart pot over high heat. 
 Pour the  tomatoes  and their liquid into the work bowl of a food processor. 
 Using quick on/off pulses, process the  tomatoes  just until they are finely chopped (longer processing will aerate the  tomatoes , turning them pink) 
 Stir the  penne  into the boiling  water . 
 Bring the  water  back to a boil, stirring frequently. 
 Cook the  pasta , semi-covered, stirring occasionally, until done, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, heat the  olive oil  in a large skillet over medium heat. 
 Whack the  garlic  cloves with the side of a knife and add them to the hot  oil . 
 Cook, shaking the skillet, until the  garlic  is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. 
 Lower the work bowl with the  tomatoes  close to the skillet and carefully — they will splatter — slide the  tomatoes  into the pan. 
 Bring to a boil, season lightly with  salt  and generously with  crushed red pepper , and boil 2 minutes. 
 Pour in the  vodka , lower the heat so the sauce is at a lively simmer, and simmer until the  pasta  is ready. 
 Just before the  pasta  is done, the  garlic  cloves out of the sauce and pour in the  cream . 
 Add the 2 tablespoons  butter  or  oil , if using, and swirl the skillet to incorporate into the sauce. 
 If the skillet is large enough to accommodate the sauce and  pasta , the  pasta  out of the boiling  water  with a large wire skimmer and drop it directly into the sauce in the skillet. 
 If not, drain the  pasta , return it to the pot, and pour in the sauce. 
 Bring the sauce and  pasta  to a boil, stirring to coat the  pasta  with sauce. 
 Check the seasoning, adding  salt  and red pepper if necessary. 
 Sprinkle the  parsley  over the  pasta  and boil until the sauce is reduced enough to cling to the  pasta . 
 Remove the pot from the heat, sprinkle ¾ cup of the soy parm over the  pasta , and toss to mix. 
 Serve immediately, passing additional parm if you like. 
 
 
 
Categories: Italian parsley Recipes, Penne Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Soy cheese Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Vegan pasta Recipes, Vodka Recipes, Add category