Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Homemade_Beauty_Recipes

Contents 
 
 1   Avocado Facial 
 2   Facial Mask 
 3   Egg & Honey Mask 
 4   Cornmeal Facial Mask 
 5   Lighten Circles under Eyes 
 6   Egg, Avocado & Mud Facial Mask 
 7   Egg & Olive Oil Hair Mask 
 8   Fruit Smoothie Hair Mask 
 9   Facial Exfoliater 
 10   Banana Wrinkle Fighter 
 11   Grape Cleanser 
 12   Contributed by 
 
 
 Avocado Facial : 
 Avocado is a naturally rich moisturizer. 
 Mash the meat of the avocado into a creamy texture. 
 Massage into the face and neck. 
 Leave on for 15 minutes and gently rinse off. 
 Facial Mask : 
 Squeeze half a lemon and mix the juice with one beaten egg white. 
 Leave on your face overnight or, for a quick pick-me-up, just 15 minutes. 
 Splash warm water on your face to rinse. 
 It helps to removes blotches, because the lemon works as a bleaching agent. 
 Egg & Honey Mask : 
 Mix together 1 tablespoon honey, 1 egg yolk, 1/2 teaspoon almond oil and 1 tablespoon yogurt. 
 Honey stimulates and smoothes, egg and almond oil penetrate and moisturize, and yogurt refines and tightens pores. 
 Cornmeal Facial Mask : 
 Two tablespoons of cornmeal mixed with enough water to make a thick paste makes a great inexpensive facial mask. 
 Gently apply to face and wash off. 
 Lighten Circles under Eyes : 
 To lighten dark circles under your eyes, wrap a grated raw potato in cheesecloth and apply to eyelids for 15-20 minutes. 
 Wipe off residue and apply an eye cream. 
 Egg, Avocado & Mud Facial Mask : 
 Clay is available in powder form at any health food store. 
 Mix 1 tbsp. dry clay with 1 egg yolk, 1/4 of a mashed avocado and enough witch hazel to create a smooth mixture. 
 Mud dries excess sebum while the egg yolk and avocado replenish lost moisture. 
 Witch hazel tones. 
 Egg & Olive Oil Hair Mask : 
 Mix two whole eggs with four tablespoons of olive oil. 
 Smooth through hair. 
 Wrap head with plastic wrap, and leave in hair for 10 minutes. 
 Rinse well. 
 Fruit Smoothie Hair Mask : 
 Blend 1/2 a banana, 1/4 avocado, 1/4 cantaloupe, 1 tablespoon wheat germ oil and 1 tablespoon yogurt. 
 For extra conditioning, squeeze in the contents of a vitamin E capsule. 
 Leave in hair for 15 minutes. 
 Facial Exfoliater : 
 2 heaped tsp. fine oatmeal 
 1 tsp. baking soda 
 Combine ingredients, and add enough water to make a paste. 
 Apply to skin and rub gently. 
 Rinse and gently pat dry. 
 Banana Wrinkle Fighter : 
 Banana is wonderful as an anti-wrinkle treatment. 
 Mash 1/4 banana until very creamy. 
 Spread all over face and leave for 15-20 minutes before rinsing off with warm water followed by a dash of cold. 
 Gently pat dry. 
 Grape Cleanser : 
 Grape juice makes an excellent cleanser for any skin type. 
 Simply split one or two large grapes, remove pips and rub the flesh over face and neck. 
 Rinse off with cool water. 
 Contributed by : 
 http://www.healthrecipes.com/juicer_ebook.htm 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Vampiric.Media's Volunteer Work, Non-food Recipes, Add category