Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Curried_Basmati_Rice_Salad


 
 Ingredients : 
 3  cardamom  pods 
 3 whole  cloves 
 1  bay leaf 
 1½ cups uncooked brown  basmati rice 
 1½ tsp  coarse salt 
 ¼ tsp  turmeric 
 ¾ cup  pine nuts  (4 oz) 
 ¾ cup unsweetened  coconut flakes 
 1 cup canned  chickpeas , preferably organic, rinsed and drained 
 Sesame dressing : 
 1 cup  snow peas , strings removed 
 3 small  carrots , grated 
 ½ cup finely chopped fresh  cilantro   or   parsley 
 ½ tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 Accompaniments : 
 salad  greens  for serving 
 tofu raita 
 Directions : 
 Make  bouquet garni : place  cardamom  pods, cloves and  bay leaf  in square of cheesecloth and tie with kitchen string. 
 In large saucepan, bring 2¾ cups  water  to a boil. 
 Add  rice , ½ teaspoon  salt ,  turmeric  and  bouquet garni  and return to a boil. 
 Cover, reduce heat to low and simmer until  water  is absorbed and steam holes appear in  rice , about 20 minutes. 
 Remove  rice  from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. 
 Place in large bowl, fluff with a fork and let stand until cool. 
 While  rice  is cooking, preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Spread  pine nuts  on baking sheet and bake 1 minute; remove from oven and add  coconut  flakes. 
 Bake until both are lightly browned, about 5 minutes. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Remove  bouquet garni  from cooled  rice , then add  chickpeas  and ½ cup sesame dressing and mix gently to blend. 
 Let stand at least 10 minutes to blend flavors. 
 Bring small saucepan of  water  to a boil. 
 Add snow  peas ; cook 1 minute. 
 Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain again. 
 Cut each  snow pea  on diagonal into thirds. 
 Stir toasted  pine nuts  and  coconut ,  snow peas ,  carrots ,  cilantro ,  pepper  and remaining  salt  into  rice  mixture. 
 Add remaining dressing; toss to blend. 
 Serve over salad greens with  tofu  raita on the side. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Salad Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Basmati rice Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Snow pea Recipes, Add category