Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Potato_Boats


 Description : 
 A red-hot alternative to the potato skins, this vegetarian appetizer is made and packed with real bacon, fruit, and cheese and cooked to rich, golden-brown perfection, and is instantly exceptional for other appetizers. Cheddar cheese generally replaces Mozzarella and works for this recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 bacon , thick and sliced, 36 oz. 
 cranberries , dried 6 oz. 
 4 tablespoons  water , hot or lukewarm only 
 mozzarella   cheese , shredded, 30 oz. 
 blue  cheese , crumbled, 30 oz. 
 Simplot Classic Skin-on  potato  boats, 96 oz. 
 chives , fresh and chopped for garnishing 
 ranch dressing, prepared, 72 fl. oz. 
 Directions : 
 Place the  bacon  in a single layer on a parchment paper lined sheet pan. Cook  bacon  for 12-15 minutes in a preheated 375° F oven. 
 Drain grease and crumble the  bacon ; reserve. 
 Place dried  cranberries  in a small sauté pan with  water  and simmer until almost all the liquid is absorbed. 
 In a bowl, toss the  mozzarella  with the blue  cheese  until well blended. 
 Fry the Simplot Classic Skin-on  potato  boats in a fryer at 350° F for 5 ½ minutes; drain. 
 For each serving, place 4 prepared Simplot Classic Skin-on  potato  boats on a sheet pan, sprinkle with 2 oz. of  cheese  blend, ½ oz. of  bacon , and ½ oz. of  cranberries , and top with ½ oz.  cheese . 
 Place the pan under a salamander or in a hot oven until the  cheese  melts. Sprinkle with the chopped  chives . 
 Transfer to a serving plate along with 3 oz. of ranch dressing. Serve warm and plain or with other appetizers or vegetables. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/88/PotatoBoats.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004430']
Categories: Appetizer Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Chives Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Dried cranberry Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Pakistani Appetizers, Pakistani Recipes, Potato Recipes, Fruit Recipes, Asian Appetizers, Asian Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Vegetarian appetizer Recipes, World Recipes, Herb Recipes, Add category