Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hawaiian_Meatballs_I

Description : 
 The surprise ingredient in these tasty meatballs is pumpkin pie spice!
 These meatballs combine ground turkey breast with lean ground beef, although the addition of the turkey is undetectable in the finished 
meatballs.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Number of Servings: 21 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb boneless beef chuck arm roast, or similar cut, trimmed beef 
 8 oz lean ground turkey breast 
 1 onion, finely chopped 
 2 garlic cloves, minced 
 ¼ cup quick-cooking oats 
 1 large egg white 
 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice 
 1 tsp dried thyme 
 ¼ tsp salt 
 ¼ tsp pepper 
 1½ cups orange juice 
 8 oz crushed pineapple packed in unsweetened juice, drained 
 2 tbsp light soy sauce 
 ½ tbsp firmly packed light brown sugar 
 ½ tsp ginger 
 ⅛ tsp salt (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 375°F. 
 In a large bowl, combine the ground beef, ground turkey, onion, garlic, oats, egg white, pumpkin pie spice, thyme, salt, and pepper. 
 Mix well. 
 Roll the meat mixture into about 42 balls, and arrange on a large nonstick spray-coated baking pan. 
 Bake in the upper half of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes or until browned, turning once during browning. 
 For the sauce, combine the orange juice, pineapple, soy sauce, brown sugar, ginger, and salt, in a 3-quart flame proof casserole. 
 Heat the ingredients to a simmer. 
 With a large slotted spoon, transfer the meatballs to the sauce mixture, and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally. 
 Continue simmering for about 30 to 35 minutes, until the sauce has cooked down and thickened so that it coats the meatballs. 
 Serve at once, or cover and refrigerate. 
 Meatballs will keep in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 days. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (2 meatballs):
 
 Calories 56 (Calories From Fat 7) | Total Fat 1 g (Saturated Fat 0 g) | Cholestrol 18 mg | Sodium 71 mg | Total Carbohydrate 4 g (Dietary Fiber 0 g, Sugars 4 g) | Protein 8 g 
 Exchanges: ½ fruit | 1 very lean meat 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Hawaiian Appetizers, Hawaiian Meat Dishes, Meatball Recipes, Beef chuck and blade Recipes, Ground turkey Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Quick oats Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Add category