Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dhansak_with_Brown_Rice

Description : 
 From today's "Thursday" magazine; this is the winning recipe of the week. It is a spicy hot yet almost sweet and sour  curry , which comprises wither  mutton  or  chicken  combined with  lentils . It is originally a Persian dish. My dad loves this dish a lot :) 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Dhansak : 
 1 cup  tuvar dal 
 1 tablespoon  masoor dal 
 1 tablespoon yellow  moong dal 
 1 tablespoon  val dal 
 500 g  mutton 
 120 g red  pumpkin 
 1 large  potato 
 1 large  onion 
 1 medium  brinjal 
 2 bunches  fenugreek leaves 
 3 – 5  mint  leaves 
 3 – 4  coriander leaves 
 2 green chilies 
 1 piece  ginger 
 6 – 8 cloves  garlic 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 1 teaspoon  turmeric powder 
 1 teaspoon  curry powder 
 1 teaspoon  coriander  or  cumin  powder 
 ½ teaspoon  black pepper 
 ½ teaspoon red  chili powder 
 salt 
 Seasoning : 
 1  onion 
 2  tomatoes , peeled 
 6 cloves  garlic , ground 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 3  red chilies 
 4  cloves , powdered 
 6  peppercorns 
 4  cardamons 
 2  cinnamon  sticks 
 1 teaspoon  turmeric powder 
 1 teaspoon  sambhar  powder 
 1 teaspoon  coriander  or  cumin  powder 
 2 teaspoons  dhansak masala 
 1 tablespoon  ghee 
 Rice : 
 2 tablespoons  ghee 
 1½ cups  basmati rice , washed and soaked in  water 
 1  onion , sliced and fried in  ghee  till light brown 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 3 cups  water 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 3  cloves , coarsely crushed 
 3  cinnamon  sticks, coarsely crushed 
 4  black peppercorns , coarsely crushed 
 3  cardamons , coarsely crushed 
 salt 
 Directions : 
 Clean and soak the dals ( lentils ) in  water  for 30 minutes. 
 Grind the  ginger  and  garlic  and apply the paste to the washed pieces of mutton. 
 Quarter the  potato ,  brinjal  and red  pumpkin . 
 Chop finely the  onion ,  mint  leaves, coriander leaves,  fenugreek leaves  and green chillies. 
 Heat a tbsp of  oil . Fry the  onion  till light brown. 
 Add the mutton. Stir. 
 Add all the above ingredients. 
 Add the dals and a little  water . 
 Let it cook till the  dal  and meat are tender. Remove the meat pieces. 
 Mash the  dal . Keep aside. 
 Seasoning : 
 For this, chop the  onion  and  tomatoes  finely. 
 Fry  onions  till golden brown. 
 Add the ground  masala . Fry well. 
 Add all the powdered spices,  tomatoes  and lastly add the mashed  dal , meat pieces and a little  water . Simmer on slow flame till the masalas are well mixed. 
 Before serving, add the juice of a  lemon  and a tsp of  jaggery . 
 Serve the  dal  (slightly thick) with the  brown rice . 
 Rice : 
 For this, wash and soak it in  water . 
 Slice the  onion . 
 Fry it in  ghee  till light brown. 
 Add  cumin  and  sugar . 
 Fry well till the  sugar  and  onions  are fried well. 
 Add the coarsely crushed spices along with  rice . 
 Fry a little. 
 Add  salt  and  water . 
 Cook, partially covered, till the  water  has evaporated and  rice  is cooked. 
 
 
 
Categories: Persian Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Mutton Recipes, Basmati rice Recipes, Masoor dal Recipes, Toor dal Recipes, Moong dal Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Val dal Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category