Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Penne_with_Pesto_and_Vegetables

Ingredients : 
 4 oz  green beans , trimmed and halved (1 cup) 
 12 oz  penne  or other  short tubular pasta 
 12 oz small  red potatoes  (about 6), cut into ¾-inch chunks 
 ¼ cup  pine nuts  (1½ oz) 
 1 medium clove  garlic , peeled and crushed 
 1¼ tsp  salt 
 1½ cups fresh  basil  leaves 
 pinch  red pepper flakes 
 ½ cup low-fat firm  silken tofu  (4 oz.) 
 1 tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil 
 pesto 
 Directions : 
 Bring large pot of lightly salted  water  to a boil for  pasta . 
 Make pesto: in dry small skillet, toast  pine nuts  over medium-low heat, stirring, until light golden and fragrant, 2 to 4 minutes. 
 Transfer to small bowl and let cool. 
 Using a mortar and pestle or side of chef's knife, mash  garlic  and 1 teaspoon  salt  until paste forms. 
 Transfer to food processor along with toasted  pine nuts ,  basil  and  pepper  flakes and process until finely chopped. 
 Add  tofu  and  oil  and process until mixture is smooth. 
 Transfer to medium bowl and season with freshly ground  pepper  to taste. 
 Set pesto aside. 
 Place  potatoes  in a steamer basket in large saucepan over 2 cups boiling  water  and season with remaining ¼ teaspoon  salt . 
 Cover and cook 4 minutes. 
 Add  green beans  to steamer basket, cover and cook until  potatoes  and  beans  are tender, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Transfer vegetables to large serving bowl; cover to keep warm. 
 Measure ⅓ cup  water  remaining in steamer and stir into pesto until well blended. 
 Meanwhile, add  penne  to boiling  water ; stir to prevent sticking. 
 Cook until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Drain  pasta , reserving a little cooking  water . 
 Add  pasta  to vegetables along with pesto, adding a little reserved  pasta   water  if needed. 
 Toss to coat well and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Penne Recipes, Pasta tube Recipes, Basil Recipes, Add category