Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Golden_Roast_Turkey_A_L%27orange

Ingredients : 
 1 	large 	 Turkey  for roasting 
 3 	tbsp 	 orange juice 
 3 	tbsp 	honey 
 3 	tbsp 	cooking  oil 
 3 	large 	 oranges 
 2 	tbsp 	 butter 
 some  salt  and  pepper 
 2 	cup 	 chicken stock 
 1/4 	cup 	 orange   marmalade 
 1/4 	cup 	 white wine 
 1 	med 	 Onion , chopped 
 2 	tbsp 	 butter 
 1 	small 	 Chicken  bouillon cube 
 1/3 	cup 	 cream 
 2 	tsp 	 cornstarch , dissolved in some cold  water 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375 F (190 C). 
 Cut  Turkey  giblets into small pieces, set aside (for the sauce). 
 Peel the  oranges . Divide them into sections, then set aside for garnish. 
 Cut the  orange peel  into half-inch slices. 
 Melt the  margarine  in a small saucepan over high heat. Add the sliced  orange peel , then saute quickly for a minute. 
 Stuff the  orange peel  into the  Turkey . 
 In a small bowl, mix together the honey, cooking  oil , and  orange juice .  
 Brush all over the  Turkey , reserving half for later. 
 Season the  Turkey  with  salt  and  pepper , truss and transfer to a large roasting pan, then roast in the oven at 375 F for about 1 hour. 
 Brush the rest of the honey- orange  mixture on the  Turkey , then return to the oven and roast for 60 - 90 minutes more, until it is cooked. 
 You can check by using a meat thermometer - the internal meat temperature must reach at least 160 F (71 C). 
 After it is cooked, turn off the heat and leave in the oven for about 15 - 20 minutes more before serving. 
 For the gravy (do this while roasting the  Turkey ): Melt  butter  in a small sauce pan over high heat. 
 Saute chopped  onions  and giblets for about 2-3 minutes. 
 Deglaze with wine, then reduce for 3 minutes. 
 Add the  orange   marmalade , bouillon cube, and  water  (or  chicken stock ).  
 Bring to a quick boil, then reduce heat and let it simmer for about 5 - 10 minutes. 
 Add the  cream , then thicken with some  cornstarch  dissolved in cold  water . 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Marmalade Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Turkey meat Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category