Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tiger_Cries_Salad


 
 Description : 
 A spicy Thai beef salad.
 A fabulous summer meal, marinade the meat and make the dressing the night before then throw dinner together FAST. Excellent for casual dinner parties and dieters. I've had this mouth-watering salad at a couple of different Thai restaurants, I was unable to find a recipe so I combined several to make my own. This salad is very spicy yet the bursts of freshness from the  lime  and  mint  make it a celebration for the taste buds. It's extremely addictive and very healthy, no  oil !
 
       Tiger Cries Salad (a Spicy Thai Beef Salad)     
 Ingredients : 
 Marinade : 
 1 lb  beef   flank steak   or   beef   sirloin  steak  or   tenderloin  beef (good quality) 
 2 teaspoons  white pepper 
 2 tablespoons  fish sauce 
 4 tablespoons fresh  lime juice 
 2 tablespoons  palm sugar 
 8 cloves  garlic , minced 
 Dressing : 
 2 tablespoons  sugar 
 ½ cup fresh  lime juice 
 3 – 4 tablespoons  fish sauce  (to taste) 
 4 – 6  shallots , minced 
 4 – 6  serrano peppers , chilis very finely minced or ground to paste 
 2 stalks  lemongrass , remove outer stalk and slice very thin or grind 
 3 tablespoons toasted  rice powder  (ground fine) 
 Salad : 
 1 lb fresh tender salad  greens  (i use the bagged  spring mix )  or   bibb lettuce 
 1 large  red onion , thinly slivered 
 1 bunch  scallions  or  green onions , cut to ½ inch 
 1  cucumber , peeled and seeded cut in half lengthwise and thinly sliced 
 cherry tomatoes   or   grape tomatoes   or  wedges  tomatoes 
 1  lemon , cut in half lengthwise and very thinly sliced (toss into salad for garnish/flavor) 
 1 cup fresh  mint  leaves, roughly chopped 
 sticky rice 
 Directions : 
 Prepare a batch of Thai  sticky rice  (aka Thai  sweet rice ) to serve with this salad.  Note:  if you're in a hurry or on a budget, you can leave out the scallions,  cuke ,  tomatoes  and  lemon  and this salad will retain its signature flavor.
 
 Marinade : 
 Mix ingredients in a ziploc and let meat marinade from 2 – 24 hours in liquid. 
 char  grill or broil meat to medium rare, about 3 – 4 minutes per side. 
 Let rest at least 10 minutes then slice very thin (¼" or less) against the grain. 
 Use very good quality meat for this dish, you want it to be fork-tender and melt-in-your-mouth!. 
 Dressing : 
 Mix all dressing ingredients together 1+ hours before serving salad. 
 Be sure to taste and make any necessary adjustments… dressing should be spicy, sour, salty and a just a wee bit sweet in that order) you may want to make extra dressing to spoon over the  sticky rice . 
 Salad : 
 Pour half of dressing over the  red onions ,  lemon  and  cuke  in a large salad bowl and let them absorb the flavor, 15+ minutes. 
 Add  lettuce ,  tomatoes , scallions and  mint  along with the rest of the dressing. 
 Toss the salad until all ingredients are very well coated and mixed. 
 Dish salad onto plates and top with slices of cooked  beef , make sure plenty of dressing is included in each serving. 
 Add a serving of  sticky rice  to each plate. 
 Serving suggestion very pretty to serve this salad on a bed of purple  cabbage  leaves. 
 Perfect  sticky rice  soak 1-2 pounds of Thai  sweet rice  in lukewarm  water  in a large bowl for 3 hours- drain and reserve  water  to use in steaming. 
 Line bottom of bamboo steamer (the stackable sort used for veggies and such) with parchment paper (or cheesecloth sprayed with PAM). 
 Fill steamer with soaked  rice  and cover. 
 Pour  rice  soaking  water  into wok or dutch oven, add some fresh  water  until approx 3" depth. 
 Place steamer over  water  in pan, bring  water  to boil then reduce to strong simmer - don't let  water  cook away. 
 Steam  rice  for approx 25 minutes, let sit an additional 5 minutes with lid on. 
 To make toasted  rice  powder toast raw  sweet rice  in a sauté pan on top of stove just as you would  sesame seeds  - until very light golden brown. 
 Use a  coffee  grinder, blender or food processor to grind to a fine consistency - i like mine fine as  white sugar  but any texture from couscous,  cornmeal ,  flour , etc is just fine. 
 Adds an interesting, nutty and essential flavor to the dressing. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/ca/Tiger_Cries_Salad_%28a_Spicy_Thai_Beef_Salad%29.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004421']
Categories: Beef round Recipes, Beef sirloin Recipes, Bibb lettuce Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Char Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Grape tomato Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Add category