Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gow_Gees

Description : 
 Yields about 20 gow gees
 
 Ingredients : 
 3  Chinese dried mushrooms 
 3 ounces shelled, deveined large  shrimp 
 3 ounces [ground [pork]] 
 2 tablespoons finely chopped  bamboo shoots , canned or fresh 
 2  water chestnuts , finely chopped, to make 2 tablespoons 
 2  green onions , finely chopped 
 2 teaspoons minced  ginger 
 1 teaspoon  sesame oil 
 1½ teaspoons  red wine  or  rice vinegar 
 1 teaspoon  soy sauce 
 1 teaspoon  granulated sugar 
 20 round  wonton wrappers 
 4 cups  vegetable oil  for deep-frying, or as needed 
 Directions : 
 Soften the dried  mushrooms  by soaking them in warm  water  for 20 to 30 minutes. 
 Squeeze out any excess  water . 
 Remove the stems and chop finely. 
 Soak the  shrimp  in lightly salted warm  water  for 5 minutes. 
 Drain and pat dry with paper towels. 
 While the  mushrooms  and  shrimp  are soaking, prepare the vegetables. 
 In a medium bowl, combine the first 11 ingredients. 
 Lay the wonton out. 
 Place 1 teaspoon of filling in the middle. 
 Wet all the edges with  water  (you can also use lightly beaten  egg  if desired). 
 Carefully fold the wonton over the filling and seal, crimping the edges as you do so. 
 Continue with the remainder of the wonton wrappers until the filling is gone. 
 Add the  oil  to the wok and heat to between 360°F and 375°F. 
 Deep-fry the gow gees, a few at a time, until they are golden brown (2 to 3 minutes). 
 Use a slotted spoon to remove the gow gees from the  oil . 
 Drain on paper towels. 
 Serve the gow gees hot with soy sauce,  sweet and sour sauce , or  chili sauce , or your favorite dumpling dipping sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Meat Dishes, American Chinese Snacks, Dumpling Recipes, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Wonton noodle Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Water chestnut Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Add category