Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Nachos_with_Green_Chili-Cheese_Sauce

Roasted Chicken Nachos with Green Chili-Cheese Sauce  from the Wikibooks Cookbook—original source of recipe, licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License
 
 Serves : 6 to 8 
 Ingredients 
 4 medium  tomatillos , husked and rinsed (or used canned if unavailable) 
 2  jalapeños , stemmed 
 ½ medium  onion , peeled and quartered 
 2  garlic  cloves, peeled 
 1 handful fresh  cilantro  leaves, coarsely chopped 
 1  lime , juiced 
 1 teaspoon toasted  cumin  seeds 
 kosher (coarse or margarita) salt 
 ¼ cup [60ml] (½ stick) unsalted  butter 
 ¼ cup all-purpose [60ml]  flour 
 2 cups (480ml)  chicken stock , at room temperature 
 4 cups (950ml) shredded  jack cheese 
 1 (1-pound) (450g) bag salted corn  tortilla chips 
 1 (3-pound) whole (1350g) roasted  chicken , meat finely shredded, skin and bones discarded 
 Quick Salsa 
 1 pint (570ml)  cherry tomatoes , halved 
 2  green onions , white and green parts, chopped 
 1  jalapeño , chopped 
 2 handfuls fresh  cilantro  leaves, hand shredded 
 2  limes , juiced 
 Kosher (coarse or margarita) salt and freshly ground black pepper 
 Sour cream  and  guacamole , for serving 
 Directions 
 Bring a pot of water to a boil; add the tomatillos, jalapeños, onion, and garlic. 
 Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the tomatillos are soft. 
 Drain and cool slightly, then put them in a blender. 
 Add the cilantro, lime juice, and cumin. 
 Puree for a few seconds to blend, and then pour in about a ¼ cup of water and process to a coarse puree; taste and season with a generous pinch of salt. 
 You should have about 2 cups of this green salsa (salsa verde). 
 Make a  roux  by melting the butter over medium-low heat in a thick-bottomed saucepan. 
 Just as the foam subsides, sprinkle in the flour, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk to prevent lumps. 
 Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to remove the starchy taste from the flour; don't allow it to brown. 
 Gradually whisk in the chicken stock and simmer for 8 minutes to thicken. 
 Once you have a good base, fold in 2 cups of the shredded jack cheese; mix until completely melted into a sauce. 
 Stir in the prepared salsa verde until incorporated; remove the green chili cheese sauce from the heat. 
 Quick Salsa 
 Make a quick salsa by combining the cherry tomatoes, onions, jalapeño, cilantro, and lime juice in a bowl; season with salt and pepper, tossing to combine. 
 Building the Nachos 
 To build these awesome nachos: preheat the oven to 350 degrees f (180c). 
 Get a very large oven-proof platter and cover it with a few handfuls of tortilla chips, follow with a portion of the shredded chicken, a coating of the cheese sauce, and a nice sprinkle of the remaining shredded jack. 
 Make 3 or 4 layers of the nachos, depending on the size of the platter. 
 Bake the nachos until they are all hot and gooey, about 5 to 10 minutes. 
 Putting it All Together 
 Spoon the tomato salsa over the top of the nachos and serve with the sour cream on the side. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cherry tomato Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Meat appetizer Recipes, Mexican Recipes, Nachos Recipes, Salsa Recipes, Southwestern Recipes, Tomatillo Recipes, Add category