Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Masala_Chaat

Description : 
       Masala Chaat     
 Serves: 5 – 6 
 Preparation time: 1 hour 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups boiled green  peas 
 2 lemon-sized balls of  tamarind 
 6 – 7 split  green chilies 
 some  jaggery 
 9 – 10  dates 
 1 bunch  coriander leaves 
 3 tbsp  coconut , dried and desiccated 
 1 – 2 tsp  chili powder 
 1 tsp  mustard seeds 
 3 tsp  cumin  seeds, roasted and powdered 
 2 tsp  coriander seeds , roasted and powdered 
 1 – 2 tsp  chaat masala 
 few rice  vadas 
 2 – 3 tbsp grated  carrots 
 1  onion , minced 
 cooking  oil 
 Directions : 
 Soup : 
 Boil a glass of  water  with a small square of  jaggery  ( sugar  can be substituted instead of  jaggery , but it will not give the same taste). 
 Add 2 tsp of roasted  cumin  powder and thick juice of one  lemon  size ball of  tamarind . 
 Boil, cool and keep aside. 
 Sweet chutney : 
 De-seed the  dates  and keep aside. 
 Blend into a smooth paste the  dates , juice of the other  lemon  size  tamarind  ball, a little  jaggery , 1 tsp roasted  cumin  powder, the coriander powder and  salt  to taste. 
 Hot chutney : 
 Season  oil  with  mustard seeds . 
 Also add green chilies, chopped  coriander leaves , red  chili powder  and the desiccated  coconut . 
 Fry for a while and then blend it into a smooth paste, adding  salt  to taste. 
 How to serve the chaat : 
 For each serving of the chaat, powder some vadas and add one portion of the boiled  peas  to it. 
 Add 3-4 tbsp of the soup, 2 – 3 tsp of the hot chutney and 4-5 tsp of the sweet chutney. 
 Mix well sprinkle some red  chili powder  and  chaat masala  on top. 
 Garnish with grated  carrot  and minced  onion . 
 It should be served immediately or it will become soggy. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/58/Masala_Chaat.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004244']
Categories: Chaat masala Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Coriander seed Recipes, Dates Recipes, Indian Snacks, Indian Soups, Jaggery Recipes, Masala Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Add category