Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Citrus_Curd_and_Mixed_Berry_Tart

Ingredients : 
 2½ cups  flour 
 2 sticks chilled  unsalted butter , cut into ½-inch pieces 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1¼ teaspoon  sugar , plus extra for cookie tops 
 3 to 6 tablespoons  non-fat milk , very cold 
 1  egg yolk  (for cookies) 
 1 tablespoon  cream  (for cookies) 
 2  limes 
 2  lemons 
 1¼ cups  sugar 
 5 large  egg yolks 
 6 tablespoons  unsalted butter , cut into small pieces 
 ¼ cup  red currant jelly  or  apricot jam  (for tart) 
 1 pint  raspberries 
 1 pint  blueberries 
 1 pint  strawberries , halved or quartered 
 ½ pint  blackberries 
 Directions : 
 In a food processor, combine  flour ,  butter ,  salt  and  sugar . Pulse 6 to 8 times, until mixture resembles coarse meal. 
 Add  milk , 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse until mixture forms a ball. (Depending on humidity, dough requires 3 to 6 tablespoons of  milk .) Remove dough, shape into two 5-inch discs, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least one hour. 
 If you're making the tart, roll out one disc of dough to ⅛-inch thickness; it should be 1 to 1½ inches larger than a 9-inch tart pan (with removable bottom). Carefully fit dough into pan so that it flops over the edge by ½ inch. Using a rolling pin, roll over top of crust to create an even edge. Chill dough thoroughly. 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. With tines of a fork, press into bottom of dough. Cover with foil and place pie weights, uncooked beans or  rice  inside shell. Cook 15 to 20 minutes. Carefully remove foil and weights, then continue baking 5 to 10 minutes, until golden brown. Cool on rack. 
 If you're making cookies, roll out dough to ⅛-inch thickness. Using a sharp knife or small cookie cutters, make desired shapes. Place cookies on an ungreased baking sheet; freeze 10 minutes. 
 In a small bowl, make a glaze by combining  egg yolk  and  cream . With a pastry brush, glaze each cookie; sprinkle generously with  granulated sugar . Bake 8 to 12 minutes, or until light golden brown. Remove from oven; cool. 
 Using a zester or the smallest holes on a grater, zest  lime  and  lemons ; place in a glass measuring cup. Juice  limes  and  lemons  (about ½ cup) and add to zest. 
 In a medium-size, heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine  sugar ,  egg yolks  and citrus mixture. Stir until  Sugar  dissolves. Place over a low flame, stirring constantly, 10 to 12 minutes, until mixture thickens. Remove from heat; stir in  butter , one piece at a time, until incorporated. Cool to room temperature; pour into tart crust or serving cups. Chill in the refrigerator several hours. 
 Presentation 1: Prim and Proper Tart : 
 In a small saucepan over medium-low flame, heat jelly until just melted. In a large bowl, combine  berries  and toss very lightly with warm jelly. Place  berries  in circular rows around tart, leaving space between rows. Remove from tart pan and serve on a cake pedestal.
 
 Presentation 2: Cookies and Citrus Crust : 
 Any footed glass is well suited for this presentation. To each glass, add ½ cup fruit mixture, top with ⅓ cup citrus curd, and tuck a tart-crust cookie along the rim.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Apricot preserves and jam Recipes, Blackberry Recipes, Blueberry Recipes, Currant jelly Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Lime Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Red currant Recipes, Rice Recipes, Add category