Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Croquetas_de_Jamon

Description : 
 Ham croquettes
 
 Makes 45 to 50 croquettes 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ lb (1 stick) salted  butter 
 7 tsp  all-purpose flour 
 2 cups  milk , scalded 
 2 cups finely chopped cooked  ham 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 ½ tsp freshly grated  nutmeg 
 3 tsp fresh  lime juice , plus extra for sprinkling 
 1 tbsp finely chopped fresh  parsley 
 2 cups very fine  bread crumbs 
 1 large  egg , lightly beaten 
 peanut  or  vegetable oil  for frying 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan, heat the butter until it foams, blend in the  flour , then gradually whisk in the  milk  until the mixture thickens into a smooth paste taking care not to overcook the mixture and cause lumps to form. 
 Add the  ham ,  salt ,  pepper ,  nutmeg ,  lime juice , and  parsley , and continue cooking over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Spoon the mixture into a pan or platter and let it cool thoroughly (once cool, it can be refrigerated). 
 Sprinkle a light layer of bread crumbs on a work surface. 
 Scoop up 1 tablespoon of the cooled  ham  mixture and shape it into a cylinder about 1½ inches long and ¾ inch in diameter. 
 Dip the cylinder in the beaten  egg  and then in the crumbs, and repeat with the remaining mixture, adding more crumbs as necessary. 
 (up to this point, the recipe can be prepared one day in advance and refrigerated overnight). 
 Preheat the oven to 250°F. 
 In a large, heavy-bottomed skillet or deep fryer over medium-high heat, heat 2 to 5 inches of  oil  to 375°F, or until a drop of the mixture sizzles when it touches the  oil . 
 Fry 5 to 6 croquettes at a time until golden on all sides, turning with a slotted spoon. 
 Be careful not to fry too many at once or the  oil  temperature will fall and they will be more soggy than crisp. 
 Once cooked, drain on a paper-towel-lined platter. 
 Keep warm in the oven until you have finished frying the rest, and serve sprinkled with fresh  lime juice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cuban Appetizers, Ham Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Egg Recipes, Add category