Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Black_Forest_Fruitcake

Description : 
 Although this is called a fruitcake it's more like a poundcake. It's a recipe from one of the central market cooking classes.
 
 Contributed by Kim at  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Makes 2 large loaves or four small loaves 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake : 
 2 cups  dried cherries  (about 10 ounces) 
 1½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 ½ cup  cocoa powder 
 ½ tsp  baking powder 
 ½ tsp  baking soda 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 1 cup  unsalted butter , softened 
 1 cup  sugar 
 3  eggs 
 4 ounces semi-sweet  chocolate chips , melted 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 ¼ cup  kirsch 
 ¼ cup  water  reserved from soaking  cherries 
 ¼ cup  cherry  preserves 
 8 ounces  semi-sweet  or  bittersweet chocolate , chopped 
 Syrup : 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 ½ cup  water  reserved from soaking  cherries 
 1 tbsp  kirsch 
 Directions : 
 Place  cherries  in a bowl and cover with hot  water . 
 Let  cherries  steep for 30 minutes. 
 Drain and reserve ¾ cup of the  cherry - water . 
 Place  cherries  on paper towels. 
 Set aside to dry, patting if necessary to remove excess moisture. 
 butter  bottom and sides of loaf pans. 
 Line bottom with parchment paper. 
 butter  paper. 
 Preheat oven to 300°F. 
 Sift  flour ,  cocoa powder ,  baking powder ,  baking soda , and  salt . 
 Set aside beat  butter  and  sugar  in large bowl of an electric mixer until lighter in color and fluffy, about 2 minutes. 
 Add  eggs , one at a time, beating well after each addition. 
 Mixture will look curdled. 
 Mix in melted  chocolate . 
 Add  vanilla  and  cherry  preserves. 
 On low speed, add half of  flour  mixture, mixing just until incorporated. 
 Mix in  kirsch  and ¼ cup reserved soaking  water  from  cherries . 
 Add remaining  flour , mixing just until smooth. 
 Use spatula or spoon to stir in  cherries  and chopped  chocolate . 
 Transfer batter to prepared pans. 
 Bake cakes at 300°F until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, about one hour. 
 To prepare syrup, heat  sugar  and ½ cup reserved soaking  water  from  cherries  in a small saucepan until  sugar  is dissolved. 
 Take off heat and stir in  kirsch . 
 Pour over warm cakes in pans. 
 Cool cake thoroughly in pans. 
 Loosen cakes from sides of pan. 
 Remove cake and discard paper on the bottom of each. 
 Wrap each cake tightly in plastic wrap, then heavy aluminum foil. 
 Store in refrigerator up to six weeks. 
 Cut cold cake into thin slices. 
 Kim's Notes : 
 You can wrap the cakes in cheesecloth soaked in  kirsch . These can be frozen but will last in the refrigerator forever.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Cake Recipes, Dried cherry Recipes, Bittersweet chocolate Recipes, Chocolate chip Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Kirsch Recipes, Add category