Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cast_iron_cookware

      Blue Ribbon Winner!     
 It has been said, over and over in fact, that there is nothing better than food prepared in a cast iron pan. Several dishes, including Mexican fajitas, Cajun seafood, sausage & eggs, and of course, cornbread, are hailed as delicious when prepared in these pans. Cast iron is also the cookware of choice amongst serious campers and hikers, but be sure to bring the pack mule, this stuff is heavy!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Why Cast Iron? 
 2   Seasoning 
 3   Using Your Cast Iron 
 4   Caring For Your Cookware 
 5   Advantages 
 6   Disadvantages 
 
 
 Why Cast Iron? : 
 There are several reasons that people rave about this type of cookware, many won't use anything else. Besides being an ideal heat conductor, cast iron heats evenly and consistently, is inexpensive, and will last a lifetime with the proper care. When seasoned, a cast iron pan will be stick resistant and provide delectable meals every time.
 
 Seasoning : 
 When you season cast iron, you are embedding grease in to the pores of the cookware. Without proper seasoning, cast iron will rust after coming in contact with water. To season your cookware, first warm your pot or skillet, then rub a thin layer of shortening (or corn oil as some cooks suggest) all over the surface of the pan, inside and out. Lay the pan upside down inside a 350 degree oven. Most cookware manufacturers suggest heating the pan for one hour, while some cooks suggest up to 4–5 hours for just the right amount of seasoning. The shortening will turn in to a non-sticky, hard coating. Allow the pan to cool overnight as it will be quite hot. Remember, cast iron retains heat very well, so allow for ample cooling time. Some cooks recommend repeating this process one, or even two times, before using your cookware. Seasoning should also be repeated after each use of the cookware.
 Note: Acidic foods, such as tomatoes, can deteriorate the seasoned coating of your pots and pans.
 
 Using Your Cast Iron : 
 Preheat your cookware before preparing your meal. Water droplets should sizzle, then roll and hop around the pan, when dropped on to the heated surface. If water disappears immediately after being dropped, the pan is too hot and will surely burn your food. If water only rests and bubbles, the pan is not quite hot enough.
 Caution: Do not pour significant amounts of cold liquid in to a hot skillet or pot, this can cause the cast iron to break.
 
 Blackened Catfish and Shrimp 
 Famous Dave's Corn Bread with Honey Jalapeño Glaze 
 Famous Dave's Pineapple Upside-down Cake 
 Caring For Your Cookware : 
 The conventional method, and most often recommended, is to wash your cast iron pots in boiling water, no soap, and to use a high quality scrub brush. Some cooks say there is nothing wrong with using soap when cleaning your cookware, you can even use synthetic scouring pads, just use extra care when scrubbing. Regardless of the mothod you choose to wash your cookware, be sure to dry it thoroughly with a lint free towel directly after washing, as cast iron is prone to rust. Seasoning your cookware after each use is also a must to retain the quality and life of the pan.
 
 Advantages : 
 Durable and improves with age 
 Claims have been made repeatedly that food is more flavorful 
 Good heat conductor, heats evenly and quickly 
 Can place pots and pans directly on glowing coals (camping) 
 Inexpensive 
 Last a lifetime with minimal or no damage 
 Disadvantages : 
 Weight - cast iron is quite heavy 
 Having to maintain the seasoning 
 Not dishwasher safe 
 Recommendation - Extremely high. For the value that cast iron provides, the delicious meals that it develops, and the durability that it maintains, the time it takes to care for this cookware is well worth it.
 Special thanks goes to Fabulous Foods for allowing the reprint of the fabulous cast iron recipes used in this article. 
 Amanda Formaro may be contacted at  http://www.thefamilycorner.com  WebMom@thefamilycorner.com
. Click here to view more of their articles.
Amanda Formaro is the mother of four children. She and her husband live in Henderson, Nevada. She is also the owner of The Family Corner website at  http://www.thefamilycorner.com 
 "This site started as a small personal website and has grown way beyond what I had ever imagined! It is such a passion for me. I love it when someone writes to me and tells me how much they enjoyed their visit."
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/39/Blueribbon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004540']
Categories: Equipment, Articles, Add category