Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Garlic-Ginger_Barbecued_Baby_Back_Ribs

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   For the meat base 
 2.2   Sauce 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 From Emeril Lagace
 
 Contributed by  PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 For the meat base : 
 2 pounds  baby back ribs , cut into individual ribs 
 1 tablespoon  Essence 
 ½ cup finely chopped  yellow onion  ( or  1 cup onion paste) 
 1 tablespoon chopped  garlic 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  ginger 
 ¼ teaspoon  crushed red pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 1 tablespoon  hot sauce 
 2  bay leaves 
 2 cups canned low-sodium  beef broth 
 Sauce : 
 1 cup  ketchup 
 1 teaspoon  Worcestershire sauce 
 1 teaspoon  hot sauce 
 1 tablespoon  vinegar , white only 
 1 tablespoon  sugar , white only 
 1 tablespoon  molasses 
 Directions : 
 Place the ribs in a bowl or resealable plastic bag and toss with the essence. 
 Place the ribs in a pressure cooker and add the onions, garlic, ginger, crushed red pepper, cayenne pepper, salt, hot sauce, and bay leaves. Sear meat over high heat until browned. 
 Add broth, lock lid in place and place over high heat. 
 Once a steady stream of steam is emitted from the release valve, turn heat down to medium. 
 Cook for 40 minutes, opening twice, following the method in manufacturers' instructions, and stir to prevent sticking. Remove the ribs from the pot. 
 Using a spoon, carefully skim any fat from the top of the cooking liquid that remains in the pot. 
 Add the sauce ingredients to the pressure cooker and cook on low heat, stirring for 5 minutes. 
 Return the ribs to the pot and gently stir to coat. Serve hot and plain over rice or with other main dishes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Celebrity Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Ketchup Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Pork spare rib Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Vinegar Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Emeril Lagasse Recipes, Pork Recipes, Meat Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, World Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Thanksgiving Recipes, Barbecue Recipes, Condiment Recipes, Cayenne pepper Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Bay Leaf Recipes, Add category