Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cornmeal-crusted_Roasted_Ratatouille_Tart


 Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Source: Ellie Krieger, 2006 at www.foodtv.com 
 Prep Time: 30 Minutes | Cook Time: 1 Hour 5 Minutes 
 Yield: 8 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 ⅔ cup yellow  cornmeal 
 ⅓ cup whole-grain  pastry flour 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 2 tbsp  canola oil 
 3 tbsp  water 
 Filling : 
 2 tbsp + 1 tsp  olive oil 
 2  shallots , thinly sliced (about ⅓ cup) 
 cooking spray 
 ½ lb thinly sliced  eggplant  rounds (about ⅓ medium  eggplant ) 
 1  zucchini , sliced into ⅛-inch rounds (about 8 oz) 
 3 medium  tomatoes , sliced thinly 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 3 oz shredded part-skim  mozzarella  cheese 
 ¼ cup shredded fresh  basil  leaves 
 ¼ cup freshly grated  Parmesan 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Combine  cornmeal ,  pastry flour , and  salt  in the bowl of a food processor. 
 Pulse to incorporate. 
 Add  butter  and oil and pulse about 20 times, until mixture resembles small pebbles. 
 Add  water  and pulse until mixture forms a loose dough. 
 Remove dough from processor and press into bottom and about ⅛-inch up the sides of a 9-inch tart pan with a detachable rim. 
 Press aluminum foil into the bottom and sides of the pan on top of the dough and weigh down with uncooked  rice  or pie weights. 
 Place tart pan on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. 
 Remove from oven and remove  rice  and foil. 
 Return to oven and bake for an additional 5 minutes, or until no longer shiny and wet. 
 Remove from oven and let cool. 
 Filling : 
 Increase the oven to 400°F. 
 Heat 1 teaspoon of  olive oil  in a nonstick pan over medium heat;saut?  shallots  until soft, about 5 to 6 minutes. 
 Spray 2 baking trays with  cooking spray . 
 Arrange the  eggplant , zucchini  and  tomato  slices on the trays in a single layer and brush with the remaining  olive oil . 
 Season with salt and  pepper , and roast the vegetables until soft but not browned, about 15 minutes. 
 Remove the vegetables from oven and cool. 
 Lower the oven temperature to 350°F. 
 Lay the eggplant slices in 2 layers on the bottom of tart; cover with ⅓ of the  mozzarella   cheese  and some of the shredded basil. 
 Add the  zucchini  and  shallots , top with another ⅓ of the  mozzarella  and  basil , then the  tomatoes . 
 Top with rest of the  mozzarella   cheese  and the Parmesan. 
 Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until  cheese  is melted and vegetables have further wilted. 
 Remove from oven,let cool for 5 minutes, and cut into 8 slices. 
 Serve warm. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per Serving:
 
 220 Calories | 18g Carbs | 3g Fiber | 14g Total Fat | 3.5g Saturated Fat | 6g Protein | 240mg Sodium 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/1/15/2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130821163438']
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Basil Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Pastry flour Recipes, Add category