Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Maushawa_(pulse_and_yoghurt_soup)


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 2 	oz 	 Chickpeas 
 2 	oz 	 red kidney beans 
 15 		Fluid  yoghurt 
 2 	oz 	 mung beans ; (or green split  Peas ) 
 1 		2 ounces short  grain   rice 
 2 	pt 	 water  including the  water  For soaking the pulses 
 2 	ts 	Powdered  dill   salt  For the meat stew 
 8 	oz 	 Beef ;  Veal  or  Lamb  (cut ; in 1/2" cubes) 
 4 	oz 	Finely chopped  Onion 
 3 	tb 	 vegetable oil 
 2 	oz 	 tomatoes ; skinned and Chopped 
 1/3 	pt 	 water 
 ¼ 	ts 	red pepper; up to 1  salt 
 Directions : 
 In Afghanistan this soup is served either as a stater or as a main meal. This is the original version of Maushawa, cooked with meat qorma but another popular version is made using meatballs (Kofta). The meatball are prepared as for the kofta in kofta chalau, but are smaller (about 1/2" or 1 cm in diameter). The sauce remains the same too, except that the  yoghurt  should be omitted. Afghans like to serve this soup "hot", but seasoning can be adjusted according to the taste. Soak the chick  Peas  and  red kidney beans  in  water  overnight. Drain the  yoghurt  for about an hour to make  chaka . Put the  Chickpeas ,  red kidney beans ,  mung beans  (or green split  Peas ) ans  rice  in large pan with 2 pint of  water , including the  water  in which the pulses have been soaked. Bring to the boil, cover leaving the lid slightly ajar, turn the heat to low and simmer. Cook until the pulses are soft (the time this takes depends on the frshness of the pulses). Meanwhile cook the meat and sauce. Heat the  vegetable oil  in a pan and add the chopped  Onion . Fry over a medium heat until soft and reddish-brown. Add the meat and fry again until brown. Add the  tomatoes , stirring well and boil for a mintues or so. Add the 1/4 pint  water , the slat and re  pepper . Stir well and bring back to the boil. Turn down the heat and simmer until the meat is tender and the sauce thickened. When cooked, mix all the ingredients; the  rice ,  Chickpeas ,  red kidney beans , together with the juices in wich they have cooked, the meat stew, the  chaka , powdered  dill  and  salt  to taste. Stir well and add extra  water  if ou want to thin the soup. Continue strring and simmer for another 5–10 minutes to allow the flavours to blend. Serve the Maushawa hot in individual soup plates or cups. 
 
 
 
Categories: Afghan Recipes, Afghan Soups, Beef Recipes, Bread Recipes, Cereals Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Dill Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Pea Recipes, Add category