Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Blackened_Salmon_Salad

File:Placeholder 
 Prep Time: 
 Cook time: 
 Serves: 6 to 8 
 
 Description : 
 Fresh, Southwestern salad using Buddha's hand citron, salmon and a chile sorbet. This was published in our daily paper yesterday (5-12-10) from Chef George Quilty at the Orange Blossom Junction in Exeter, CA.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Cajun spice seasoning : 
 2 cups  paprika 
 1 cup table  salt 
 ½ cup  cayenne 
 ½ cup  black pepper 
 ¾ cup granulated  garlic 
 ¾ cup  onion powder 
 ½ cup whole  thyme 
 ½ cup  oregano 
 Avocado chile sorbet : 
 4 cups  avocado  or  guacamole  purée 
 1 or 2 minced  serrano chiles 
 Simple syrup 
 ½ cup  lime juice 
 ½ cup  tequila 
 Simple syrup : 
 2 cups water 
 2 cups sugar 
 Buddha’s hand citron vinaigrette : 
 zest from one  Buddha's hand citron 
 1 finely-diced  shallot 
 1 cup orange  honey 
 1 cup  rice vinegar 
 ½ cup  Dijon mustard 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 2 cups  olive oil 
 Blackened salmon : 
 Cajun spice seasoning 
 6 to 8  salmon  filets (6-8 oz each) 
 drawn  butter 
 farm-fresh salad  greens 
 Directions : 
 Simple syrup : 
 Combine water and sugar in pan, bring to a boil for 1 minute. 
 Cajun spice seasoning : 
 Mix together and store in sealed jar in cool, dry place. 
 To use, pour into pan or serving bowl to dip fish into. 
 Avocado chile sorbet : 
 Combine avocado, chiles, simple syrup, lime juice and tequila and freeze in an ice cream machine according to machine directions. 
 Buddha’s hand citron vinaigrette : 
 Combine shallot, honey, vinegar and mustard in a blender and mix well. 
 With blender running, slowly pour in olive oil until well-blended. 
 Add Buddha’s hand citron zest and salt and pepper to taste. 
 Blackened salmon : 
 Heat a large cast-iron frying pan to very hot. 
 Dip six to eight salmon filets in drawn butter. 
 Cover completely on both sides with Cajun seasoning. 
 Put salmon in hot frying pan and cook 2-3 min to desired doneness. 
 To serve : 
 Toss farm-fresh greens with Buddha’s hand citron vinaigrette and put on a plate. 
 Place blackened salmon on top of greens. 
 Spoon one small scoop of sorbet on top of fish. 
 Garnish with shredded  carrots , diced  tomatoes  and  chow mein noodles  or thinly-sliced, fried  tortilla  strips. 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Buddha's hand citron Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Honey Recipes, Salmon Recipes, Seafood Salad Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Sorbet Recipes, Tequila Recipes, Vinaigrette Recipes, Add category