Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Saoto_(Soto_Ayam)


 
 Ingredients : 
 2 (two) quarts  water . saoto 
 1 (one) lbs  chicken breast 
 9 (nine) oz  white vermicelli 
 2 (two) big cloves of  garlic 
 2 (two) normal  potatoes 
 2 (two) dry daun  salam leaves 
 0.18 oz dry or fresh  laos 
 9 (nine) oz  bean sprouts 
 2 (two) twigs soup greens for the sweet taste 
 0.07 oz  black  or  white pepper 
 1 (one)  onion 
 3 (three) grains  pimiento 
 4 (four)  eggs 
 1 (one) fresh or dry twig  lemon grass 
 0.35 oz ketjap (sweet or  salt  soy sauce ) 
 4 (four)  chicken bouillon  cubes 
 salt 
 vegetable  or  corn oil 
 Directions : 
 Start with boiling the  water , introduce in this the  chicken  breast, laos, crushed  pimento , black- or  white pepper , one chopped  garlic , halve chopped  onion ,  daun salam ,  lemon grass  and the  chicken  bouillon cubes. 
 Boil for about 30 minutes or till the  chicken  breast is tender and take this out of the bouillon. 
 Peal the  potatoes  and slice this into the smallest pieces (french fried style). 
 Cook the  eggs  hard because we need these whole (if you wish, take out the  egg  - yellow). 
 Cut the white  vermicelli  in pieces of four inches (with scissors). 
 Chop the soup greens and put this in a cup; slice the rest of the  onion  and  garlic . 
 Fry the rest of the sliced  onion  and  garlic . 
 When the  garlic  and  onion  are brown, take them out and place in a small cup. 
 Fry the  chicken  breast in the  oil  and when this is light brown, take it out; sift out the  chicken  breast and place it also in a cup. 
 Don't forget to fry also the  potatoes  and the white  vermicelli . 
 Mix the  potatoes  and white  vermicelli  in the same bowl. 
 Pull the roots of the  bean sprouts  out because it's looks cleaner this way and place in a cup. 
 The soup always must be served hot!. 
 Put the 4 (four) bowls on the table and for each bowl you scoop out:. 
 First the  potatoes  and white vermicelli, the  bean sprouts , the sift out  chicken  breast, - the mixed fried  onion  and  garlic  and the soup greens. 
 For the soup topping we use the cooked  eggs . 
 
 
 
Categories: Bean sprout Recipes, Bean thread Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken soup Recipes, Egg Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category