Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Southwestern_Garden_Pizza

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Better Homes and Gardens 
 Start to Finish: 50 minutes 
 Makes 6 to 8 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 to 2½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup warm  water  (120°F to 130°F) 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 ¾ cup  cornmeal 
 1 pound boneless skinless  chicken breast  halves 
 1 tablespoon cooking  oil 
 1 medium  zucchini  or yellow  summer squash , cut into 2-inch long julienne strips (about 1½ cups) 
 2  green onions , bias sliced into 1-inch pieces (½ cup) 
 1 x 9-ounce can bean dip 
 ¾ cup  picante sauce  or  salsa 
 2 cups shredded Monterey  jack cheese  (8 ounces) 
 2  green onions , thinly sliced 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl combine 1¼ cups of the  flour , the  yeast , and  salt . 
 Add  water  and 2 tablespoons  oil . 
 Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds, scraping bowl constantly. 
 Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. 
 Using a spoon, stir in  cornmeal  and as much of the remaining  flour  as you can. 
 Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. 
 Knead in enough remaining  flour  to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes total). 
 Divide dough in half. Cover and let rest 10 minutes. [1] 
 Grease two 11- to 13-inch pizza pans or baking sheets. 
 On a lightly floured surface, roll each half of dough into a circle 1 inch larger than pizza pan. 
 Transfer dough to pans. 
 Build up edges slightly. Flute edges, if desired. Prick generously with a fork. Do Not let rise. 
 Bake in a 425°F oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Meanwhile, cut  chicken  into bite-size strips; Set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon cooking  oil  in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Cook and stir  zucchini  or yellow  summer squash  in hot  oil  for 30 seconds. 
 Add the 1-inch bias-sliced  green onion  pieces; cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes or until all the vegetables are crisp-tender. 
 Remove vegetables from the skillet. 
 Add half of the  chicken  to the hot skillet. Stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until no longer pink. Remove  chicken  from skillet. 
 Repeat with the remaining  chicken . 
 Spread bean dip over hot crusts. 
 Spread picante sauce or salsa over bean dip. 
 Spoon  chicken  and vegetables over picante sauce. 
 Sprinkle with Monterey  jack cheese . 
 Bake about 12 minutes more or until cheese melts and sauce is bubbly. 
 Sprinkle with sliced  green onion . 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza dough; divide into 2 equal portions. Place in plastic freezer bags. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Prepared salsa Recipes, Summer squash Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Add category