Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Smoked_Salmon_Quinoa_Quiche


 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Nutritional Information 
 
 
 Description : 
 A natural, grainy combination of quinoa, authentic salmon, cheese, milk, eggs, and pesto is made and mixed with salt, pepper, and yogurt and baked to soothing, white-hot perfection. Color, flavor, and quality are usually important, while it also keeps a glorious, bold aroma with the seafood and cheese.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  quinoa  grain, cooked 
 4 tbsp. basil  pesto 
 1 cup  Asiago  cheese, grated 
 4 large  eggs , beaten 
 ½ cup  milk 
 ⅛ tsp.  salt 
 ¼ tsp.  pepper , black only 
 1 cup alder- smoked salmon 
 1 cup plain  yogurt 
 2 tbsp.  lemon curd 
 2 tsp.  lemon zest 
 chili leaves, optional 
 Directions : 
 Cook quinoa according to instructions; add the 4 tbsp of basil pesto into the cooked quinoa. 
 Then add ½ cup of the asiago cheese and mix them well. 
 Press the quinoa mixture into a 9" pie plate, covering the sides and bottom of pan to create a "crust"; place the crust into a 400° F oven for 15 minutes to set. 
 Remove from the oven and set aside. 
 In a medium bowl, add the 4 eggs, ½ cup of milk, the ⅛ tsp. of salt, and ¼ tsp. of pepper. 
 Beat well. Add one cup of smoked salmon and using a spatula, fold in carefully. 
 Pour mixture into the prepared "crust" and place in the 400° F oven for 40 minutes. 
 At that time, add the remaining ½ cup of asiago cheese to the top and return to oven for 20 minutes. 
 In a small bowl, add the 1 cup of plain yogurt, 2 tbsp. of lemon curd, and 2 tsp. of lemon zest. Mix well and refrigerate until quiche has finished baking. 
 Allow quiche to sit for 5-7 minutes before serving. Alongside or on top of the quiche, place the lemon yogurt sauce and serve. Garnish with the chili leaves, if desired. 
 Nutritional Information : 
 Servings:  6-8
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/bb/Smoke-salmon-quiche-cropped.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130603213229']
Categories: Quiche Recipes, Quinoa Recipes, Pesto Recipes, Asiago Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Smoked salmon Recipes, Seafood Recipes, Main Dish Seafood Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Side Dish Recipes, Side Dish Seafood Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Salmon Recipes, Fruit Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, World Recipes, Firm cheese Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Spice Recipes, Add category