Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Beignets

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Serves 4 to 6 people 
 Ingredients : 
 oil  for frying 
 Starter : 
 ½ cup  flour 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 ¾ cup  milk 
 2 tablespoons  yeast 
 Dough : 
 3 cups  flour 
 4  eggs 
 5 oz  butter 
 3 teaspoons  salt 
 ¼ pound  milk chocolate 
 Orange sugar : 
 zest from 2  oranges 
 Directions : 
 Starter : 
 Combine  milk ,  sugar  and  yeast  in a mixing bowl and let sit for 10 minutes at room temperature, covered. 
 Whisk in the  flour  and allow this to sit tor 30 to 40 minutes, covered. 
 The starter will rise and double in volume 
 Dough : 
 Put the starter into the bowl of a mixer with a dough hook and add the  flour  and  salt . 
 Mix on low speed for 3 minutes and then add the  eggs  one at a time to form dough. 
 Increase the speed to medium and add the  butter , 1 tablespoon at a time. 
 Allow this to mix on medium high for 12 minutes until a smooth and shiny ball has formed. 
 Lightly cover with  oil  and leave covered in a bowl for a couple hours at room temperature to rise. 
 Punch the dough down and lightly  flour  a work surface to roll out the dough to a thickness of ¼ Inch. 
 Cut out 1½ inch circles of dough and place on a clean sheet tray. If not using right away, these may be stored in the refrigerator overnight. 
 When ready to cook, place a ½ oz piece of  chocolate  in the middle of 8 circles and lightly brush the edges of the circles with  water . 
 Top each circle with another dough circle and lightly press together. 
 Fry at 350°F, turning beignets while cooking until golden brown. 
 Drain on paper towels. 
 Allow to cool slightly and dust with  orange sugar . 
 Orange sugar : 
 Dehydrate the  orange  zest in dehydrator or in an oven with a pilot light on. 
 Pulverize in a spice or  coffee  grinder and mix with equal amount of  sugar . 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Cookie Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category