Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Turkey_Cake_for_Dogs

Description : 
 Contributed by  Pets Holistic Med Community 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 lb  ground turkey 
 3 cups cooked  brown rice 
 1 cup finely chopped  carrots 
 1 cup finely chopped  celery 
 1 cup minced fresh  parsley 
 2  eggs ; beaten 
 3 tbsp minced  garlic 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 4 cups cooked  mashed potatoes  - divided 
 beet juice  drained from a can of beets 
 carrot  rounds or shredded  carrots 
 Directions : 
 You can reduce this recipe to a smaller scale by using 1 pound of meat and cutting all the other ingredients by a fourth. 
 The cake tastes good as it is, but people might want to add  salt  or other seasonings. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Lightly grease two 9-inch round or square baking dishes, or a 9-by-13-inch baking dish (if using a dog-shaped cake mold, place it on a greased baking sheet). 
 In a large bowl, mix the  turkey , cooked  rice ,  carrots ,  celery  and  parsley ; set aside. 
 In a small bowl, mix the beaten  eggs ,  garlic  and  oil . 
 Add to  turkey  mixture and mix well. 
 Add to baking dishes and bake 1½ hours or until meat is fully cooked. 
 Cool loaf. 
 Reserve about ½ cup mashed  potatoes ; ' ice ' the cooled loaf with the remaining mashed  potatoes . 
 Thin the reserved  potatoes  with  milk ; add  beet  juice to desired color and pour into a pastry bag fitted with a round or star tip. 
 Use to make decorations and to write the dog's name on top. 
 Make rosettes and add  carrot  rounds or shredded  carrots , or any other vegetable your dog likes. 
 And don't forget the candles. 
 
 
 
Categories: Dog food Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Brown rice Recipes, Potato Recipes, Egg Recipes, Celery Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Ground turkey Recipes, Add category