Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Avocado_and_Shrimp_Salad

      Avocado and Shrimp Salad     
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  water 
 1  bay leaf 
 ½ teaspoon ground  allspice 
 ½  lemon , quartered 
 ½ teaspoon  sea  or  kosher salt 
 8  shrimp  (16 to 20 count), peeled, deveined and heads removed 
 Shrimp sauce : 
 1  anchovy  fillet, soaked in a little  milk  to remove some of the  salt 
 ½ teaspoon minced  flat-leaf parsley 
 ⅓ cup  mayonnaise 
 ½  lemon 
 pinch of freshly ground  black pepper 
 pinch of  crushed red peppers 
 Salad : 
 2 ripe  avocados 
 cup shredded  cabbage 
 Directions : 
 Combine the  water ,  bay leaf ,  allspice ,  lemon  and  salt  in a saucepan over high heat. 
 Bring to a boil, then decrease the heat to medium-low and add the  shrimp . 
 Cook for 7 to 10 minutes, until the  shrimp  are curled and pink. 
 Do not overcook the  shrimp , as they are significantly better if just cooked through. 
 Drain the  shrimp  and allow to cool completely before assembling the  salad . 
 Shrimp sauce : 
 To prepare the sauce, rinse the  anchovy  fillet, pat dry with paper towels and mince. 
 Combine the anchovy,  parsley  and  mayonnaise  in a bowl. 
 Place a strainer over the bowl and juice the  lemon  over the contents. 
 Add the  pepper  and  red peppers  and whisk to blend completely. 
 Salad : 
 To assemble the salad, cut the avocados in half lengthwise and remove the pits. 
 With a large spoon, scoop out the  avocado  flesh and reserve the empty shells to present the salad. 
 Distribute the  cabbage  among 4 salad plates. 
 Make a hollow in the center of the  cabbage  and place the empty  avocado  shell in the hollow. 
 Cut the  avocado  flesh into ½-inch cubes. 
 Place the  shrimp  and  avocado  in a bowl. 
 Fold the sauce into the  shrimp  mixture and mound the salad in the  avocado  shells. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/4e/473179219.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004252']
Categories: American Salads, Seafood Salad Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Anchovy Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Avocado Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Add category