Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Steamed_Artichokes_with_Dipping_Sauces

Description : 
 The traditional way to eat steamed artichokes is to pull one artichoke leaf out at a time and scrape the tender meat from the bottom of the leaf with their teeth Be sure to remove the thistle-like choke in the center of the artichoke before enjoying the meaty heart. We prefer the melted butter versions for warm artichokes and the vinaigrette sauces for serving chilled.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Makes 8 appetizer servings 
 Ingredients : 
 4 large  globe artichokes 
 1  lemon , halved 
 1 teaspoon  sea salt 
 Lemon butter sauce : 
 1 cup (2 sticks) melted  unsalted butter 
 ½ teaspoon  lemon zest 
 1 tablespoon  lemon juice 
 sea salt , to taste 
 ground  pepper , to taste 
 Directions : 
 With a large knife, cut stems off artichokes so they sit flat on the plate. 
 While working with one artichoke, place others in a large bowl of water and the lemon juice. 
 This will prevent the artichokes from discoloring. 
 Cut off top ⅓ of artichoke. 
 Clip points off remaining bottom outer leaves. 
 Repeat with remaining artichokes. 
 In a large pot, place 1 – 2 inches of water in the bottom with sea salt and steam artichokes for 20 – 30 minutes (depending on their size) until one of the leaves pulls out easily. 
 Drain and serve upright with lemon butter sauce or chill and serve with a vinaigrette or flavored mayonnaise (such as  Balsamic Vinaigrette ,  Dijon Vinaigrette  or  Tarragon Mayonnaise ) 
 Lemon butter sauce : 
 Whisk together all sauce ingredients and serve in small dipping bowls. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (57g-wt.): 
 
 210 calories (200 from fat) | 23g total fat | 14g saturated fat | 2g dietary fiber | 1g protein | 3g carbohydrate | 60mg cholesterol | 470mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Artichoke Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Add category