Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bean_and_Pasta_Soup_with_Sausage

Description : 
 This delicious bean soup cooks quickly and can be packed in a thermos and taken to a football game or fall tailgate picnic. You can also serve it for a quick lunch or dinner entrée. 
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 From: www.cinnamonhearts.com 
 Source:  The Diabetes Snack Munch Nibble Nosh Book , 2nd Edition, 2003 by Ruth Glick. 
 Makes 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 medium  onion , chopped 
 1 large  celery  stalk, minced 
 1  garlic  clove, minced 
 2 tsp  olive oil 
 3 cups fat-free, low-sodium  or  regular  chicken broth , divided 
 1 (15oz) can  cannellini beans , rinsed and well drained 
 1 (8oz) can low-sodium  or  regular  tomato sauce 
 1 tsp  Italian seasoning 
 2 to 3 drops  hot pepper sauce  (optional) 
 3 oz reduced-fat  beef   sausage 
 1 oz  angel hair pasta  broken into 2-inch pieces (about ½ cup) 
 salt  to taste (optional) 
 Directions : 
 In a small Dutch oven or similar pot, combine the  onion ,  celery ,  garlic ,  oil , and ¼ cup broth. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, for 6 to 7 minutes or until the  onion  is tender. 
 Add the remaining broth,  cannellini beans ,  tomato sauce , Italian seasoning, and  hot pepper sauce , if using. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes. 
 Bring the soup to a boil. Stir in  sausage  and  pasta . 
 Reduce the heat and cook at a low boil 4 or 5 minutes, until the  pasta  is tender. Add  salt  to taste, if desired 
 Nutritional information : 
 Sodium Alert! This recipe is not suitable for those on  salt -restricted meal plans. ( Note : optional items, such as the  salt  in this recipe, are not included in nutritional analysis). 
 Per (¾ cup) serving: 
 
 147 Calories | 2g Total Fat | 6 mg Cholesterol | 573 mg Sodium | 9g Protein | 23g Carbs | 4g Dietary Fiber | 9g Protein 
 Exchanges: 1 Starch | 1 Vegetable | 1 Very Lean Meat 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Cannellini bean Recipes, Capellini Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Sausage Recipes, Bean Soup Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Add category