Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baked_Bean_Pizza

INGREDIENTS
 
 200ml milk
 
 300g strong white bread flour
 
 1 tsp fast-action dried yeast
 
 1/2 tsp caster sugar, plus a pinch
 
 1 tsp salt
 
 2 tbsp olive oil
 
 150g mozzarella, from a block, cut into long strips
 
 1 tsp hot smoked paprika
 
 1 tsp onion powder
 
 1/2 tsp garlic granules
 
 1/2 tsp ground coriander
 
 1/2 tsp ground cumin
 
 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper
 
 1/2 tsp english mustard powder
 
 1 tsp soft brown sugar
 
 2 x 200g tins baked beans
 
 1 tsp worcestershire sauce
 
 1 tsp tabasco
 
 1 long red chilli, finely sliced 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS
 
 Warm the milk in a saucepan until steaming but not boiling. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour, yeast, sugar and salt and stir to combine. Add 1 tbsp of olive oil to the milk and leave to cool until just warm. With the motor running, pour the liquid into the bowl and continue mixing in for 5-7 mins, until you have a smooth and elastic dough. Transfer the dough to a clean, oiled bowl and cover with cling film. Leave somewhere warm to rise for 1 hr or until doubled in size.
 
 Punch the dough down to knock out the air then shape into a disc - you can do this with a rolling pin or with your hands. Roll out the dough to a circle, about 35cm wide then transfer to a circular baking tray. Use the mozzarella to create a ring around the outside edge of the pizza base, leaving 1/2cm gap between the edge, then fold over the outside edge to enclose the mozzarella and create a stuffed crust. Press firmly to stick the dough in place.
 
 Lightly cover with oiled cling film and set aside for 20-30 mins, until the dough has puffed up a little. Meanwhile heat oven to 240 C / 220 C fan. 
 
 To make the spiced beans, add all the dry spices to a saucepan set over a medium heat and heat until they start to smell fragrant. Add 1 tsp olive oil, the sugar, the beans, worcestershire sauce and tabasco and stir to combine. Set aside to cool.
 
 When cool spread the spiced beans over the pizza base then sprinkle over the cheese and finally top with the sliced red chilli. 
 
 Bake in the oven for 15 - 20 mins or until golden and risen.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Baked bean Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Flour Recipes, Yeast Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Olive oil Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Paprika Recipes, Onion Powder Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Coriander root Recipes, Cumin Recipes, Cayenne pepper Recipes, Mustard Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Worcestershire sauce Recipes, Tabasco sauce Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Add category