Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Apple_Cider_Gravy

APPLE CIDER GRAVY  http://www.thedailyrecipe.com <about:blank>
 INGREDIENTS: 
3 T fat from the drippings, the rest of the no-fat drippings 
14 oz of chicken broth 
1/3 cup fresh apple cider or unsweetened apple juice 
3 cloves of garlic, minced 
3 T flour 
1 T bourbon or orange juice 
1/2 t grated orange peel 
 DIRECTIONS: 
Pour out drippings and let fat rise to the top. Meanwhile, 
deglaze pan with a little water. Skim off 3 T of fat and put 
into saucepan. Toss out the rest of the fat. Add drippings 
to pan. Make a mix of the flour and a small amount of COLD 
chicken broth...remember cold is good here. Put everything 
BUT the bourbon (or orange juice) and the orange peel into 
the saucepan. Bring to a simmer. Slowly, in a thin even 
stream, add the flour/broth mixture. Adjust for desired 
thickness. Remove from the heat add the bourbon or orange 
juice and the orange peel. Serve. 
 QUICK COOK TIP: You can add the flavor elements of this 
recipe to store bought too. 
 MORE GREAT GRAVY ADVICE 
 Here are some of Lizzy's tips for great lump-free 
sauce every time! 
 
 Whisk!...Whisk!!...Whisk!!! It makes a difference. If 
 you don't have one...run out now and buy one! 
 
 In a cup or a bowl mix several tablespoons of flour 
 with 1/2 C of the stock, COLD from the refrigerator. Use 
a whisk and make sure this mixture is absolutely smooooooth. 
Very important! This is the trick to lump-free gravy. 
 
 Put the drippings and whatever amount of fat you want... 
 zero to 1/2 c depending on how much gravy you are making 
and how rich you want it. I add vegetable stock to the 
drippings and bring to a good solid simmer. In a nice thin 
even stream, add the cold flour/stock mixture to the pan. 
Use that whisk in a nice motion...too fast and it will 
encourage lumps. 
 
 Here's the way you can control the thickness of the 
 gravy...if it's to thin, have a standby of additional 
flour and cold water or white wine mixture...too thick, 
add white wine or water or stock. 
 
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog......
 
 
 Dwight D. Eisenhower
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Gravy Recipes, Cider Recipes, Add category