Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Japchae


 
 Description : 
 Transparent noodle with beef and vegetables.
 
 
 Japchae  (also spelled jabchae or chapchae) is a  Korean  dish made from  cellophane noodles  (called "dangmyeon"), which are stir fried in  sesame oil  with sliced  beef  and various  vegetables  (typically thinly-sliced carrots, onion, spinach, and mushrooms), flavoured with soy sauce, and sweetened with sugar. It is usually served garnished with sesame seeds and slivers of chili. It may be served either hot or cold.
 This dish is served at Korean parties and special occasions, with seasonal vegetables added.
 Japchae is most commonly served as a side dish, though it may also be served as a main dish. It is also often served on a bed of  rice ; together with rice it is known as japchae-bap (잡채밥), bap (밥) meaning "rice."
 Japchae  on Wikipedia -- original source of description section, licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pack transparent noodles ( dangmyun ), soaked in hot  water  for 30 minutes, drained 
 1 medium  onion , thin sliced 
 ½  carrot , julienned 
 1 bunch  spinach , blanched, cut into 3 inches 
 10 oz thin sliced  beef 
 5  green onions , cut on a bias 
 7  shiitake mushrooms , rehydrated, thin sliced 
 oil  for sautéeing 
 salt  and  pepper 
 2 tbsp  sesame seeds 
 Beef marinade : 
 1 tbsp  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 1 tsp  sesame oil 
 1 tsp minced  garlic 
 ¼ tsp  pepper 
 ½ tsp  sesame seeds 
 Shiitake marinade : 
 ½ tsp  soy sauce 
 1 tsp  sugar 
 1 tsp  sesame oil 
 Noodle seasoning : 
 1 and ½ cup  water 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 2 tbsp  soy sauce 
 4 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 Directions : 
 In a non stick pan, add  oil  and saute vegetables. 
 All ingredients have to be cooked separately. 
 To use the same pan, start with light color vegetable. 
 An ideal order will be  onion  -  green onions  -  carrot  -  shiitake mushrooms  -  beef . 
 The vegetables don't have to get any color, just need to be softened. 
 Saute and move to a big bowl to cool a little bit. 
 Put a non-stick  wok  or large pan on a medium heat. 
 Add dang myon seasoning, pour in dang myon. 
 Bring to a boil, stir occasionally for a few minutes until dang myon absorbs  water . 
 In about 10-15 minutes the noodles will begin to stick together. 
 From this point, stir constantly until the noodles gets soft and translucent. 
 Remove from heat and let cool. 
 If needed cut the length. 
 Mix with vegetables,  sesame seeds ,  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0a/Jabchae.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004324']
Categories: Korean Appetizers, Beef Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Korean sweet potato vermicelli Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Add category