Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/G%27hackknoedel

Description : 
 Austrian meat-stuffed dumplings
 
 1 hour preparation 
 12 – 15 servings, 
       G'hackknoedel     
 Ingredients : 
 1¼ – 1½ lbs  potatoes 
 ⅞ cup  all purpose flour 
 ¼ cup  semolina 
 2 tablespoons  unsalted butter , softened to room temperature 
 1  egg 
 2  egg yolks 
 1 pinch  nutmeg , freshly grated 
 salt , to taste 
 pepper , to taste 
 Filling : 
 ¼ lb roast  pork , leftovers 
 ¼ lb roast  beef , leftovers 
 ¼ lb raw  pork sausage  + 1 extra ounce raw  pork sausage 
 1 medium  onion , minced 
 1 clove  garlic , crushed 
 salt , to taste 
 white pepper , to taste 
 1 pinch dried  marjoram 
 1 – 2 tablespoon  butter , as needed 
 water , as needed 
 Directions : 
 Boil  potatoes  in their skins until very tender;  peel  while still warm and run through a food mill or  potato  press; let cool until you feel comfortable handling them. 
 Add  flour ,  semolina ,  butter ,and  seasonings , then add the  eggs  and  yolks . 
 Using a mixer, blend this mixture into a smooth dough. 
 Form into a long log and wrap in plastic; chill for about 15 minutes. 
 Cut off about 12 – 15 rounds, rolling out each round into a flat circle. 
 Have a large pot of salted  water  set to boil on your  stovetop . 
 Fill each dough round with a spoonful of the filling, then close dough around filling to cover completely, using dampened fingertips to seal. 
 Drop dumplings into the boiling  water  * turn the heat to low, and cook about 15 – 20 minutes, or until cooked through. 
 Remove dumplings using a  slotted spoon . 
 Serve  drizzled  with some melted  butter  or with your favorite  gravy . 
 Filling : 
 Mince together the cooked meat and the raw  sausage  using a meat grinder or  food processor . 
 Add minced  onions  and  garlic , as well as  salt ,  pepper , and  marjoram  to taste. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/29/107425708.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004244']
Categories: Austrian Meat Dishes, Dumpling Recipes, Beef Recipes, Pork Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Onion Recipes, Marjoram Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category