Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Wheatfree_Salmon_Treats

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 8 oz. can salmon with juice 
 1/2 cup chopped  parsley 
 3  eggs , shells included 
 1/2 cup  sesame seeds  ground up in  coffee  grinder 
 1/2 cup flax seeds ground up in  coffee  grinder 
 2-3 cups  potato flour 
 Directions : 
 Put these ingredients into a food processer, mix VERY WELL. Pour  potato flour  through the opening while the motor is running. I can't tell you exactly how much, but I would guess about 2-3 cups. When the dough forms, like a pie curst, and rolls into a ball it is ready to take out. 
 
 
 Dump this mess onto  Potato  floured counter or board. Knead more  flour  into this and when it is a rolled out cookie consistancy, it is ready to roll out into about 14 inch thick. I use a pizza cutter to roll our long strips and then cut crosswise to make samll squares . If you want FANCY you may use a cookie cutter. Bake on cookie sheets, sprayed Pam or line the sheet with parchemnt paper. I put in as many as will fit. Usually two whole cookie sheets suffices. I bake this in a 375º oven for 20 minutes. Turn and rotate the cookie sheets and bake about 10 more minutes. You can make them as soft or as hard as you want
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 
 
 
Categories: Coffee Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Potato Recipes, Potato starch Recipes, Salmon Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Add category