Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Scrambled_Tofu_with_Vegetables

Description : 
 This is perfect for anyone who doesn't like eggs. It has a lot of protein to keep you going throughout the day. Try making a steaming breakfast tortilla wrap filled with the scrambled tofu, Guacamole, Tofu Sour Cream, and soy cheddar cheese. Don't forget to use your choice of fresh homemade salsas from this book.
 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny via  World Recipes Y-Group 
 Preparation Time: 15 Minutes 
 Makes 6 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound  firm tofu 
 2 tablespoons minced  bell peppers 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 ½ cup sliced  button mushrooms 
 1 teaspoon minced  garlic 
 sea salt and freshly ground  black pepper 
 ½ cup minced  onions 
 3 teaspoons  Bragg's Liquid Amino , or  tamari  soy sauce 
 2 tablespoons trimmed and thinly sliced  scallions 
 ½ cup minced  tomatoes 
 Directions : 
 Freeze the tofu in the original package for a minimum of 12 hours. 
 Defrost the unopened package in warm water or overnight in the refrigerator. 
 Drain the liquid from the package and press the tofu firmly between your hands to rid it of excess liquid. 
 The finished tofu will resemble the texture of a damp sponge. 
 Crumble the tofu in a mixing bowl and sprinkle with the turmeric and mix well. 
 Spray a nonstick skillet with canola oil spray and set over medium heat. 
 Add the garlic and onions and cook, stirring, until the onions are translucent, about 3 minutes. 
 Add ¼ cup of water and 2 teaspoons of the liquid amino, and stir. 
 Add the tomatoes, bell peppers and mushrooms, and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. 
 Add the tofu, and stir for additional 4 to 5 minutes. 
 Drizzle in ¼ cup water and the remaining 1 teaspoon liquid amino and stir for an additional 3 minutes. 
 Season with salt and pepper to taste and top with the scallions. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Brunch Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category