Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sardines_stuffed_with_Crab

Description : 
 Portuguese sardines in particular are prized as being the fattest and sweetest sardines in the world. In this simple but tasty recipe, the sardines are stuffed with vegetables ( Eggplant ,  peppers ,  garlic  and  carrots ) and crabmeat, and then deep-fried. Rather than being served as an after dinner drink, a young tawny  port  would complement the oily and strong flavor of the sardines sublimely. Enjoy  port wine  with your meals instead of after!
 
 Ingredients : 
 8 large fresh  sardines  (Bela-Olh are particularly good) 
 1 medium sized  crab 
 2  onions 
 100 g  carrots 
 100 g  leeks 
 100 g small  squash 
 100 g  eggplant  (aubergine) 
 2 medium  tomatoes 
 2 cloves of  garlic 
 2  eggs 
 150 g  corn bread 
 8 ounces (2 dl)  tomato paste  (Passata) 
 50 g  breadcrumbs 
 50 g  flour 
 1  lemon 
 8 oz (2 dl) extra virgin  olive oil 
 8 oz (2 dl) cooking  oil 
 2  bay leaves 
 chopped  parsley  for the garnish 
 Directions : 
 Fill a large pot with  water , season with  salt  and  pepper  and bring to a boil. 
 Add the crab. 
 Bring the  water  to a boil again and cook for 5 minutes on high heat. 
 Cool and remove all of the crabmeat from the shell. 
 In a frying pan, add the  olive oil  and add the  onions  (chopped),  garlic , one of the  bay leaves , the crumbled  corn  bread and the crab meat. 
 Fry and mix well. 
 When cooked golden, turn off heat and put aside. 
 On a chopping board, lay out the sardines and chop off the heads. 
 Slice open the sardines, remove the bones and season with  lemon juice ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Stuff the sardines with the crab mix from the frying pan. 
 Coat the sardines in  flour , dip in the whisked  eggs  and then dip in the breadcrumbs. 
 Press the sardines slightly to close them and fry in very hot  oil . 
 When fully fried, drain them on a paper towel to remove excess  oil . 
 Boil and mash the  potatoes , adding  milk ,  butter  and one  egg yolk . 
 Slice the vegetables into thin strips and fry them in very hot  oil . 
 Drain on paper towel. 
 Place them in a preheated oven to crisp. 
 On a serving dish, place a mound of mashed  potatoes  (use a 3 inch diameter metal ring to shape the mound). 
 Place the sardines and the crisped vegetables on top. 
 Heat the  tomato paste  (Passata) in the frying pan, and then pour the  tomato paste  around the edge of the plate, forming a circle. 
 Garnish with chopped  parsley  and slices of  lemon . 
 
 
 
Categories: Portuguese Meat Dishes, Sardines and pilchards Recipes, Crab Recipes, Cornbread Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Leek Recipes, Port Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Add category