Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dulse


 Browse All Dulse Recipes   
       Dulse     
 Name Variations : 
 dillisk 
 dulce 
 dilsk 
 red dulse 
 sea lettuce flakes 
 creathnach 
 About Dulse : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Dulse on Wikipedia 
 Dulse (Palmaria palmata), also called dillisk or creathnach, is a red alga that grows along the northern coasts of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, where it is a traditional food. In Northern Ireland it is a well-known snack food.
 Dulse grows attached to rocks by a holdfast. It is commonly used in Ireland and Atlantic Canada both as food and medicinally and is now shipped around the globe. Dulse is found in many health food stores or fish markets or can be ordered directly from local distributors.
 Dulse grows from the mid tide portion of the intertidal zone (the area between the high tide and low tide) and into deep water. Fronds may vary from rose to reddish-purple, and range from about 20 to 40 cm (8" to 16"). From June through September, it is picked by hand at low water, brought to drying fields (or spreading grounds) and put through a shaker to remove snails, shell pieces, etc. The fronds are spread thinly on netting and left to dry, turned once and rolled into large bales to be packaged or ground later.
 Sun-dried dulse is eaten as is or is ground to flakes or a powder. It can also be pan fried quickly into chips, baked in the oven covered with cheese with salsa, or simply microwaved briefly. It can also be used in soups, chowders, sandwiches and salads, or added to bread/pizza dough. Fresh dulse can be eaten directly off the rocks before sun-drying. A variety of dulse is cultivated in Nova Scotia and marketed as Sea Parsley, sold fresh in the produce section. It can also be found in some dietary supplements, where it is often referred to as "Nova Scotia Dulce."
 Dulse is a good source of dietary requirements. A handful will provide more than 100% of the daily amount of Vitamin B6, 66% of Vitamin B12, a day's supply of iron and fluoride, and it is relatively low in sodium and high in potassium.
 Dulse can be found throughout Northern Ireland and it is traditionally sold at the Ould Lammas Fair in Ballycastle.
 
 Dulse Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/ce/Dulse.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100427141122']
Categories: Sea vegetables, Add category