Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Bliss_Bundt_Cake

INGREDIENTS : 
  3 cups King Arthur Unbleached All-Purpose Flour 
  2 teaspoons baking powder 
  1 teaspoon salt 
  16 tablespoons (1 cup) unsalted butter*, at room temperature 
  2 cups granulated sugar 
  4 large eggs, at room temperature 
  1 cup milk, whole milk preferred 
  finely grated rind of 2 medium lemons 
  1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice; the juice of about 1 1/2 juicy lemons 
  3/4 cup granulated sugar 
  1 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted 
  pinch of salt 
  2 to 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. Thoroughly grease a 10- to 12-cup Bundt pan. (I like to use non-stick baking spray with flour.) 
 In a mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. 
 In a second mixing bowl, beat together the butter and sugar until fluffy and lightened in color. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl once all the eggs have been added, and beat briefly to re-combine any residue. 
 Add 1/3 of the flour mixture to the batter and mix on low speed to combine. Add 1/2 of the milk and mix to combine. Mix in another 1/3 of the flour. Mix in the remaining milk. Mix in the remaining 1/3 flour. Stir in the grated lemon rind or lemon oil. 
 Spoon the batter into the prepared pan, leveling it and smoothing the top with a spatula. 
 Bake the cake for 45 to 60 minutes, or until a cake tester or toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. A pan with a dark interior will bake cake more quickly; start checking at 40 minutes. 
 While the cake is baking, make the glaze by stirring together the lemon juice and sugar. Microwave or heat over a burner briefly, stirring to dissolve the sugar. You don’t want to cook the lemon juice, so microwave just until very warm, but not uncomfortably hot — less than 1 minute should do it. Set the glaze aside. 
 Remove the cake from the oven, and carefully run a knife between cake and pan all around the edge. Place the pan upside down on a cooling rack. If the cake drops out of the pan onto the rack, remove the pan. If the cake doesn’t drop onto the rack, let it rest for 5 minutes, then carefully lift the pan off the cake. If the cake still feels like it's sticking, give it another 5 minutes upside down, then very gently shake the pan back and forth to loosen and remove it. 
 Brush the glaze all over the hot cake, both top and sides. Let it sink in, then brush on more glaze, continuing until all the glaze is used up. 
 Allow the cake to cool completely before icing and serving. 
 To ice the cake: Mix the sugar and salt, then mix in 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice, adding just enough additional juice to create a thick glaze, one that's just barely pourable. Drizzle it artfully over the completely cool cake. 
 Store the cake, well wrapped, at room temperature for several days. Freeze for longer storage 
 
 
 
Categories: Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Butter Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Add category