Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pollo_en_Fricase

Description : 
 Chicken fricassee
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 x 3 to 3½ lbs  fryer  cut up and washed thoroughly and patted dry with a paper towel 
 5 to 6 tablespoons of  adobo 
 6 tablespoons of  sofrito 
 6 table spoons of  olive oil 
 6 oz of cooking  ham  diced 
 2 tablespoons of  oregano 
 2  bay leaves 
 ½ cup of  chicken broth  or a ½ cup of dry  white cooking wine 
 6 to 8  green olives  (you can use pitted, unpitted or Spanish olives) 
 1 table spoon of  capers 
 3 to 4 tablespoons of  tomato paste  (if you rather you can substitute 1 can of  tomato sauce ) 
 2  potatoes  peeled and cut into quarters ( kept in a bowl covered with cold  water ) 
 Directions : 
 Place  chicken  parts in a large bowl and add adobo a spoon at a time and rub on until you have seasoned all the parts. 
 Cover bowl with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour ( remember the longer it marinates the better). 
 In a large pot heat 3 tablespoons of  olive oil . 
 Add a few pieces of  chicken  and brown on all sides. 
 Remove and set aside, continue  browning  until all the  chicken  has been browned. 
 Drain all fat from the pot and de glaze with  chicken broth  or wine and scraping the bottom of the pot reducing liquid by ½. 
 Pour off liquid into a bowl and set aside. 
 Wash pot with hot  water  do not use soap at this time a stiff brush or pad will do. 
 Return pot to stove bring up to heat and add 3 table spoons of  olive oil . 
 Add  ham  and brown lightly add sofrito and bring to a slow simmer. 
 Add  tomato  paste or  tomato  sauce and continue simmering. 
 Now you can add the rest of the ingredients that is all but the  chicken  and  potatoes . 
 Let the mixture simmer for another 5 minutes stirring so as not to let it stick to the pot. 
 If you see that it seems to thick add a little more broth and stir. 
 Now add the  chicken  making sure that all the parts get coated with the sauce. 
 Cover the pot and check in 15 minutes at this time you can move the parts that are on the bottom to the top and the parts that were on the top move to the bottom of the pot. 
 Replace cover and continue simmering for another 15 minutes. 
 Add  potatoes  and make sure that they are covered with the sauce, replace cover and cook for another 15 to 20 minutes or until  potatoes  are done. 
 This is another dish that will go well with  white rice  or with  garlic bread  and a  tossed salad . 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Ham Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Potato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Caper Recipes, Add category