Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Japanese-style_Rice_Salad

Ingredients : 
 8-oz pkg. three-grain  tempeh , cut into ½-inch cubes 
 ¼ cup  tamari  or reduced-sodium  soy sauce 
 ⅛ tsp  wasabi  powder 
 2 tbsp dark  sesame oil 
 1 cup uncooked long-grain  brown rice 
 ½ tsp  coarse salt 
 1 cup fresh  corn  kernels (from 2 ears) 
 3 tbsp  rice vinegar 
 1 tbsp  mirin 
 5 small  button  or  cremini mushrooms , thinly sliced (¾ cup) 
 4  radishes , julienned 
 3 bunches  watercress 
 Peanut-Miso Dressing 
 3 small  carrots , julienned 
 1 cup julienned  daikon 
 Directions : 
 In medium saucepan, bring 2 inches  water  to boil over high heat. 
 Place steamer basket in saucepan, add  tempeh , cover and steam 20 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, in large bowl, mix tamari,  wasabi  powder if using, and  sesame oil . 
 Add hot  tempeh  and mix well to coat. 
 Set aside to marinate while preparing  rice . 
 In medium saucepan, bring 2 cups  water  to a boil. 
 Add  rice  and  salt  and return to a boil. 
 Cover, reduce heat to low and simmer until  water  is absorbed, about 35 minutes. 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Remove  rice  from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. 
 Transfer  rice  to large bowl and fluff with fork. 
 Drain  tempeh ; spread on baking sheet. 
 Bake, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned on all sides, about 25 minutes. 
 Bring small saucepan of  water  to a boil. 
 Add  corn , cover and cook 2 minutes. 
 Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain well. 
 Set aside. 
 In small bowl, whisk together  vinegar  and  mirin . 
 Gradually pour mixture over  rice  while still slightly warm and mix gently to combine. 
 When  rice  reaches room temperature, add  corn ,  mushrooms ,  radishes  and  tempeh  and toss to blend. 
 Break thick stems off watercress; discard. 
 Break remaining watercress in half, wash, then dry thoroughly in salad spinner or with paper towels. 
 In large bowl, toss watercress with peanut- miso  dressing. 
 Place  rice  salad and watercress on individual serving plates; garnish with  carrots  and  daikon . 
 Alternatively, if salad is part of a buffet, place  rice  salad and watercress side by side on large serving platter; arrange  carrots  and  daikon  on separate plate. 
 
 
 
Categories: Salad Recipes, Tempeh Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Corn Recipes, Daikon Recipes, Mirin Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Radish Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Watercress Recipes, Add category