Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ana%27s_No-flour_Double-chocolate_Cream_Cake

Description : 
 This is an elegant cake with a fudge like texture yet light.and creamy, and is easy to make. This cake lasts beautifully chilled in the refrigerator for up to one week.
 
 Prep Time: 5 minutes 
 Cook time: 50 to 60 minutes 
 Serves: 6 to 8 
 Ingredients : 
 6  eggs 
 ½ cup + 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 16 oz  semisweet chocolate  pieces 
 ¼ cup strong  coffee , brewed 
 2 tsp pure  vanilla extract 
 4 cups  heavy whipping cream 
 cocoa  for dusting decoration 
 Directions : 
 Beat eggs and ½ cup sugar together on high speed for 5 minutes in large sized bowl. 
 Set aside. 
 Place chocolate and coffee in the top of a double boiler, and melt until smooth on medium-low heat stirring occasionally. 
 Remove from heat, and add vanilla. 
 Set aside. 
 Whip 1 cup of the cream until stiff in a chilled bowl. 
 Set aside. 
 Fold the chocolate into the egg mixture, and then fold in the whipped cream. 
 Pour the batter into a 9 inch spring-form pan. 
 Set the spring-form pan into a larger pan. 
 Add 2 inches of hot water (Note: you may choose to wrap foil around the bottom of the spring-form pan to ensure that no water seeps in. 
 I have found this to not be necessary. Please check to make certain the spring-form pan is securely closed before pouring in the batter). 
 Bake the cake in a pre-heated 350 degree oven for 1 hour (Note: as ovens vary, check the cake 50 minutes into baking time. The center of the cake should be firm to the touch). 
 After baking, carefully remove spring-form pan from the water bath, and set on a rack to cool completely, about 3 hours. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and place into refrigerator to chill for at least 10 hours. 
 When ready to serve the cake, whip the remaining 3 cups of cream with the remaining 3 tablespoons of sugar. 
 Remove the cake from the refrigerator. 
 Gently release the sides of the spring-form pan. 
 Slice and top each serving with the whipped cream with a dusting of cocoa. 
 
 
 
Categories: 7 Ingredient Challenge, Cake Recipes, Egg Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Add category