Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Country-style_Ribs_and_Sauerkraut

This is so good, and I have leftovers for tomorrow! this recipe would be enough for 3 normal appetites or 2 real hungry folks. One recipe said to cook the recipe for 25 minutes under pressure. IMO this would have been way too long. The meat and the vegetables were absolutely perfect, to my tastes, at 15 minutes cook time and 3 minutes cool down time - which is still cooking time - then a quick release of the pressure under the drizzle of  water  at the sink.
 I wanted to post all of this because I hope those who are afraid of the stove top pressure cookers will see how very easy they are to use. From start to finish, this hot meal took me less than ½ hour. Ribs and  sauerkraut  were made to be cooked in a pressure cooker! keep the pressure up! Teresa Rouzer
 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ to 2 lbs  pork country-style ribs , trimmed of extra fat, cut into 3 – 4 inch pieces 
 just a little  olive oil 
 1 large clove  garlic , minced 
 ½  shallot  - optional, I had a half in the fridge 
 ½ large  onion , sliced 
 2 cups  sauerkraut  - which had been in the freezer, half of a qt.package, drain and save the liquid from the  sauerkraut 
 1 tbsp  brown sugar 
 ½ tbsp  salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 caraway seeds 
 ½ cup  sauerkraut  juice - saved from draining the  sauerkraut 
 ½ cup  apple juice 
 ½ cup  water 
 1 medium-large  Yukon Gold potato , peeled and cut 4 pieces 
 1 large  carrot , peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces 
 a sprinkle of dried  thyme , about ½ tbsp which could be omitted if you don't like  thyme 
 Directions : 
 I used 1½ to 2 lbs of pork ribs. 
 I heated just a little  olive oil  my 4-qt. Presto stove-top pressure cooker and browned the ribs on all sides. 
 Then I added the garlic, shallot and onion on top of the meat. 
 Next, I mixed the sauerkraut, brown sugar, salt and pepper together in a bowl: this is where you could add caraway seeds, I don't like them and didn't have any on hand, so I didn't put them in the recipe. I poured the  sauerkraut  mixture over the  pork  rib mixture in the pot. 
 Next I added the sauerkraut juice, apple juice and water. The recipe in my book asked for 1½ cups  water , so I knew I needed that much total liquid. 
 Next I added the  potato  and  carrot . 
 I gently pushed the  potato  and  carrot  pieces down into the  sauerkraut  and added a sprinkle of dried  thyme  which could be omitted if you don't like  thyme . 
 I put on the lid, put on the temperature gauge and turned up the heat to medium high. 
 After the gauge began to rock, I turned the heat down to low and set a timer for 15 minutes. 
 I stayed in the kitchen to be sure the gauge was gently rocking on a very low flame on my gas stove. 
 After 15 minutes, I cut off the flame on the stove and let the pot rest for 3 minutes. 
 Then I carefully carried the pot to the sink and turned on the tap for a slow drizzle of cold  water  over the pot. 
 When the handle lock latch and the over-pressure vent went down, it was safe to open the pot and enjoy the aromas. 
 The meat is fork tender and delicious, the  potato  and carrot completely cooked soft, but not mushy and still hold shape. 
 The sauerkraut is tender and mild with just a hint of tang. 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple juice Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Pork rib Recipes, Yellow potato Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Sauerkraut Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Onion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Add category