Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boughasha_I

Description : 
 "Cigar" pastries with walnut filling
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 oz shelled  walnuts , finely chopped 
 1½ tablespoons  sugar 
 ½ lb  butter , cut into bits and clarified 
 14 sheets  phyllo  pastry, each about 14 inches long and 12, thoroughly defrosted if frozen 
 Syrup : 
 1¼ lbs  sugar 
 ½ pint  water 
 2½ teaspoons fresh  lemon juice 
 1 teaspoon  rose water 
 Directions : 
 Stir the chopped  walnuts  and the 1½ tablespoons of  sugar  in a small bowl and set the mixture aside. 
 Preheat the oven to Mark 6 / 400°F. 
 Grease 2 baking sheets with 1 oz. of the  butter , using a pastry brush. 
 Assemble each "cigar" in the following way: 
 Brush one sheet of  phyllo  evenly with 3/4 teaspoon of the  butter . 
 Fold the sheet in half crosswise to make a two-layered rectangle about 12 inches long and 7 inches wide. 
 Brush the top with about ½ teaspoon of the  butter . 
 Make a 1-inch-wide fold on the closed side of the pastry and brush the fold lightly with  butter . 
 Sprinkle a teaspoon or so of the  walnut  mixture in an even row along its length, and roll the  phyllo  into a tight cylinder, about 1 inch in diameter. 
 Assemble the remaining sheets of  phyllo  in the same way. 
 Gently transfer the rolls to the baking sheet, and brush the tops lightly with the rest of the  butter . 
 Bake in the top part of the oven for about 20 minutes, until the rolls are crisp and a delicate golden brown. 
 Then slide them carefully onto a large serving dish. 
 Meanwhile, make the syrup. 
 Bring the  sugar ,  water  and  lemon juice  to the boil over high heat in a small, heavy saucepan, stirring until the  sugar  dissolves. 
 Cook briskly, undisturbed, until the syrup reaches a temperature of 220°F on a sugar-boiling thermometer, or a small bit dripped into iced  water  immediately forms a coarse thread. 
 Add the  rose water  and pour the syrup into a heatproof bowl or jug, and let it cool to lukewarm. 
 To serve, cut the rolls into 2-inch lengths and arrange them attractively on a serving plate. 
 Moisten the warm pastry with a little syrup and serve the rest separately in a small jug. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Desserts, Phyllo Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Ethnic and Regional Pastries, Recipes that need photos, Rose water Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Add category