Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Arroz_con_Gandules

Description : 
 Stewed rice with pigeon peas
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 to 2 ounces of  salt pork  (washed under cold  water  and diced) 
 2 to 4 ounces of cooking  ham  or  ham steak  (washed under cold  water  and diced) 
 2 to 4 tablespoons of  sofrito 
 1 can of  gandules  (they can also be found frozen or fresh in many produce stores) 
 3 tablespoons of  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon of  oregano 
 1 teaspoon of  salt 
 1 dash of  black pepper 
 3 tablespoons of  tomato paste 
 4 cups of  long-grain white rice  (washed in cold  water  and drained) 
 5 cups of cold  water 
 Directions : 
 Fry  salt pork  to a nice light golden brown. 
 Remove  salt pork  and allow to drain on a paper towel. 
 Drain and wash frying pan (use hot  water  only do not use soap). 
 Return frying to stove add 1 tablespoon of  olive oil  bring up to heat and add the cooking  ham . 
 Lightly brown  ham  stirring making sure that it dose not burn or stick to the pan. 
 Remove  ham  and set aside allow to drain on a paper towel. 
 While the pan is still hot add the sofrito, there should be enough liquid from the sofrito to help you deglaze the pan. 
 Use a spatula to scrape the bottom of the pan. 
 Stir in the  tomato  paste and when it starts to bubble return the  salt pork  and cooking  ham . 
 Stir in the gandules ( if you are using from the can do not allow to cook just let them come up to temperature and then turn the burner off and set aside). 
 If you plan to use the frozen or fresh gandules. 
 Place them in a pot of cold lightly salted  water  bring to a boil and then lower heat and allow to simmer for about 20 minutes. 
 Then drain and add them to the frying pan. 
 In a large pot about 6 quart or larger add the ingredients from the frying pan. 
 Bring up to heat and stir in  rice . 
 Make sure that the  rice  is well covered with the mixture from the frying pan. 
 It should be a nice light red in color. 
 Raise the heat to high and then add cold  water . 
 Add  black pepper  and  oregano  taste for  salt  add if needed. 
 Once it come to a boil stir once more set burner to low. 
 Cover the  rice  with the  plantain  leafs and cover pot. 
 Allow to cook for 30 to 35 minutes ( do not remove cover) after the cooking time turn off burner and let sit for 15 minutes before you uncover the pot to serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Ham Recipes, Pigeon pea Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Salt pork Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Long-grain rice Recipes, Add category