Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_cinnamon_torte

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 CAKE 
 8 	oz 	 tofu 
 2 	cup 	Granular sweetener 
 -- (such as  sucanat ) 
 3/4 	cup 	 oil 
 1 	cup 	 water 
 1 	tbsp 	 vanilla extract 
 2 	cup 	 all-purpose flour 
 3/4 	cup 	 cocoa powder 
 2 	tsp 	Ground  cinnamon 
 1 	tsp 	 baking soda 
 1 	tsp 	 cream of tartar 
 MOCHA FUDGE GLAZE 
 1/4 	cup 	 margarine  or  oil 
 1/4 	cup 	 cocoa powder 
 3 	tbsp 	 water 
 1 	tsp 	Instant espresso powder 
 1 1/2 	cup 	Granular sweetener 
 1 	tsp 	 vanilla extract 
 Ground  cinnamon  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 1 	For cake: preheat oven to 350ʡF.
 2 	 oil  a 10- or 12-inch springform pan; dust lightly with a bit of  cocoa powder .
 3 	Using electric mixer, blend  tofu  with sweetener on low speed until mixture is paste-like.
 4 	Increase speed and beat until  tofu  is thoroughly blended and mixture is shiny and the consistency of thick syrup.
 5 	(don"t worry about undissolved granules of sweetener which may remain; they will dissolve later on when the liquids are added).
 6 	Add  oil ,  water  and  vanilla  to  tofu  mixture, beating until thoroughly combined.
 7 	Sift together  flour ,  cinnamon ,  baking soda ,  cream of tartar , and  cocoa powder .
 8 	Blend sifted dry ingredients into liquid mixture.
 9 	Pour batter into prepared pan and bake until tester inserted in center comes out clean, about 40-50 minutes.
 10 	Transfer to rack and cool completely.
 11 	Glaze: in a small saucepan, combine all ingredients.
 12 	Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture is shiny and completely smooth.
 13 	Let mixture come to a boil, then immediately remove from heat.
 14 	Let cool 10 minutes.
 15 	Stir vigorously before using.
 16 	To assemble cake: remove sides from pan.
 17 	If necessary, slice off top of cake to make surface even, then invert cake on rack set over a pan to catch drips of excess glaze.
 18 	Remove pan bottom from cake.
 19 	Pour glaze evenly over top of cake, allowing some to drip down sides also.
 20 	Use a knife or spatula to spread glaze around sides.
 21 	Transfer to serving platter.
 22 	Decorate by sprinkling additional ground  cinnamon  over cake, using stencils to create shapes or a pattern if desired.
 23 	Variation: a mixture of chopped toasted  nuts  and ground  cinnamon  may be pressed onto sides of freshly glazed cake instead of sprinkling plain  cinnamon  over top.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cocoa Recipes, Sucanat Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category