Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Festive_Chicken

Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  honey 
 ¼ cup  orange juice  concentrate or mixture of  orange  and  pineapple  concentrates. 
 ½ tsp each crushed  cloves  and  paprika 
 1 x 4 lb  broiler , skinned and cut into serving pieces 
 ⅔ cup  matzo meal  mix 
 2½ tbsp Italian  olive oil 
 2 medium  onions , coarse chop 
 5 large cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 ribs  celery , coarse chop 
 2  Granny Smith apples , peeled, pared, coarsely chopped 
 3 tbsp  parsley , minced 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 2 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 2 tsp  Dijon mustard 
 fresh sliced  pineapple 
 Directions : 
 Put 2 tbsp honey in 8 oz measure. 
 While stirring, add concentrate, cloves and  paprika . 
 Fill with  water  to 8 oz mark and stir. 
 Pour into a wide bowl. 
 Rinse and dry  chicken . 
 Prick all over with sharp-pronged fork. 
 Add to bowl, turning several times to coat. 
 Let stand at room temp. 
 For 30 minutes drain chicken reserving marinade. 
 Arrange pieces on large flat plate. 
 Sprinkle with ¼ cup  matzo meal  mix, pressing to adhere. Turn. 
 Repeat on other side till all is evenly coated. 
 Chill in freezer for 10 minutes 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Heat 1 tbsp  oil  in large well seasoned iron skillet. 
 In bowl, combine  onions ,  garlic ,  celery  and  apples . 
 Strew ¼ cup across hot oiled skillet. 
 Cook for 30 seconds over med-hi heat. 
 Add half the  chicken  and lightly brown on both sides (5 minutes), scooping up and turning with sharp edged spatula. 
 Transfer chicken and browned particles to plate. 
 Add another tablespoon of  oil . 
 Repeat until all is browned. 
 Saute remaining vegetable- apple  mix until lightly browned, scraping bottom of skillet to loosen particles. 
 Add marinade around edges of skillet. 
 Add 2 tbsp  parsley  and bring to a boil, stirring to combine. 
 Return chicken to pan, spooning with thick sauce. 
 Cover and simmer on top of stove for 3 minutes baste. 
 Place in center of oven for 50 minutes, spooning with sauce once, midway. 
 Remove from oven. 
 Sprinkle  salt  evenly over all. 
 In cup, blend remaining tbsp of honey with  lemon juice  and  mustard . 
 Pour over  chicken . 
 Re-cover and let stand for 5 minutes drain chicken of sauce and arrange pieces on large warmed serving plate. 
 Stir sauce and reheat briefly. 
 Spoon some of it over the chicken cut each  pineapple  slice into thirds and arrange around sides of plate in neat pattern. 
 Serve immediately, sprinkled with remaining  parsley ; serve extra sauce on side. 
 
 
 
Categories: Passover Seder Meat Dishes, Granny Smith apple Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Matzo meal Recipes, Add category