Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Loukoumathes


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 cinnamon  and Honey Fritters
 
 14 gr.  fresh yeast , or 6 gr. dried  yeast 
 300 ml warm  water 
 0.5 teaspoon  Sugar 
 230 gr.  plain flour 
 0.25 teaspoon  salt 
 300 ml  corn oil , for frying 
 1.5 teaspoons  cinnamon 
 Directions : 
 Dissolve the  fresh yeast  in half a teacup of the warm  water , add the  Sugar  to it, to activate, and let it stand for about 15 minutes in a warm place, until it starts to froth. The liquid must not be too hot as it will kill the  yeast  cells. 
 Sift the  flour  and  salt  into a bowl and empty the dissolved  yeast  or the dried  yeast  into it, mixing continuously. This can be done with an electric mixer. Start adding the warm  water , beating all the time. The mixture should be thick but elastic. 
 When almost all the  water  has been added (it may take 2-3 tablespoons less than the 300 ml), beat it for a few minutes until it starts to bubble. Cover it with a thick towel and leave in a warm place for about 2 hours, until it rises and almost doubles in size. 
 Have a cup of cold  water  ready into which you can wet a teaspoon and also the fingers of your hand each time. Heat the  oil  until very hot but not smoking. 
 Wet the teaspoon so that the dough will not stick on it, take a teaspoon of the dough, and, using your hand, push it down into the hot  oil  (take care not to burn yourself!). 
 Within seconds it puffs up and rises to the surface. Repeat this process, wetting the spoon each time, for about 6-7 loukoumades at a time. Turn them over so they become golden all around - it only takes 1 minute. 
 Take them out with a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen paper. Serve 4-5 loukoumades on each plate, pour a tablespoon of honey all over them and sprinkle on a lot of  cinnamon . 
 They should be eaten immediately and also they should not be left waiting once the syrupy honey bas been spread on them. 
 
 
 
Categories: Corn oil Recipes, Cypriot Desserts, Cypriot Recipes, Fresh yeast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Yeast Recipes, Add category