Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Old-fashioned_Chicken_Noodle_Soup

Description : 
 This old fashioned chicken noodle soup will help bring comfort to your mind and body. We all know that properly prepared soups are beneficial: 
 They can be eaten for lunch or dinner 
They're low in fat and cholesterol 
They're warm and satisfying 
They'll fill you up without a lot of calories 
 The benefits of soup are overwhelming. Go ahead and give this chicken noodle soup recipe a taste test and you'll be pleasantly surprised. 
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 6 boneless  chicken breasts 
 12 cups low-sodium  chicken broth 
 1  onion , diced 
 3  carrots , peeled and thinly sliced 
 3  celery  sticks, finely chopped 
 3  parsnips , peeled and thinly sliced 
 ½ cup chopped  parsley 
 2 x 8 ounces  egg noodles 
 2  chicken bouillon  cubes 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly ground  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Start by preparing your vegetables. 
 Dice your onions, finely chop your celery and parsley and thinly slice your carrots and parsnips. 
 Remove the skin from the chicken breast and place them in a dutch oven. 
 Add chicken broth and bring to a boil. 
 Skim away any foam that appears. 
 Reduce heat to a simmer and cook chicken thoroughly. 
 Once chicken is done remove from broth and allow to cool before cutting. 
 Cut chicken into bite sized pieces. 
 Skim the fat from the broth once the chicken is removed. 
 Bring your broth back to a boil and add onions, carrots, celery, parsnips and bouillon cubes. 
 Reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are tender. 
 Once vegetables are tender, add egg noodles and cook until they are done. 
 Finally, add your bite sized pieces of chicken and parsley and allow to simmer enough to heat the meat. 
 Your finally step is to season your soup to taste with salt and pepper. 
 Serve soup in warm soup bowls with cheese toast. 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Celery Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chicken soup Recipes, Egg noodle Recipes, Onion Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Parsnip Recipes, Add category