Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Soy_Bean_Moussaka

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup soy beans 
 2 1/2 cups pure  water 
 1/4 cup  olive oil 
 2  onions , chopped 
 2  celery  stalks, sliced 
 1 large  carrot , peeled and sliced 
 1 cup sliced  Mushrooms 
 2-4  tomatoes , depending on the size, chopped 
 1 tbsp  tomato  paste 
 sea salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 1/2 lb  Eggplants , stalks removed and thinly sliced 
 
 " Cheese " Sauce: 
 1/3 cup unbleached white  flour 
 1/3 cup  nutritional yeast  flakes 
 1/4 cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 1/4 cups unflavoured  soy milk 
 1/2 tsp prepared yellow  mustard 
 Directions : 
 Soak soy beans overnight. Drain the beans and place them in a large pot with 5 cups fresh  water , and bring to a boil. Skim off any foam from the top (it's the gas-producer in beans) and lower the heat, cover and simmer for about 2 hours or until the beans are tender. Drain and reserve 1 1/4 cups cooking liquid. 
 
 Heat 1 tbsp  olive oil  in a large pan with a little  water ; add the  onions ,  celery  and  carrot , and fry gently for 5 minutes.
 
 Stir in the reserved cooking liquid together with the  tomatoes ,  tomato  paste,  marjoram ,  salt  and  pepper  to taste. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.
 
 Add the beans and  bay leaf , cover and simmer for 1 one hour until the beans are tender and most of the liquid has been absorbed to give a moist mixture. Discard the  bay leaf .
 
 Place the  Eggplant  slices in a strainer, sprinkling them with  salt  and leave for about 1 hour to allow the  water  to drain off and remove the bitterness. Rinse under cold running  water  to remove the  salt , then pat dry.
 
 Place the slices in a single layer on a grill pan, brush lightly with  olive oil , and grill for about 5 minutes until lightly browned, turning once. Repeat with the remaining slices.
 
 Place one third of the  Eggplant  in the bottom of a 7 1/2 cup casserole dish. Cover with half the bean mixture, then another third of the  Eggplant . Spread the remaining bean mixture on top, then finish with a neat layer of  Eggplant .
 
 To make the " Cheese " sauce, combine the  flour ,  nutritional yeast , and  oil  together in a small saucepan over medium heat, until the mixture start to sizzle. Slowly whisk in the  soymilk  and  mustard  and cook over medium-low heat until it achieves a thick, cheese-sauce-like consistency. Add  salt  and  pepper  to taste. You can also add a tbsp or so of  tomato juice  to make the " Cheese " sauce look orangey, like  Cheddar  would.
 
 Pour the " Cheese " sauce over the top of the moussaka and bake in a pre-heated 350 F oven for 30 minutes until the topping is browned. Garnish with  parsley  and serve hot with a vegan Greek salad.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheddar Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Marjoram Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Tomato juice Recipes, Add category