Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Deep_Fried_Turkey

Info 
 Cook Time : 3–5 days thawing, 45–60 minutes cooking 
 Serves : 20-30
 
 Ingredients 
 10 - 18 pound  turkey 
 4 gallons  peanut oil 
 Equipment 
 Dedicated turkey frying set: cooking pot, propane burner, 550 °F 16 inch thermometer with clip, turkey stand, and triangular handled handled hook 
 At least 10 pounds of propane 
 ABC fire extinguisher, at least 3 pounds 
 
 
 Directions 
 1.Check fire extinguisher gauge. If not in safe/green zone, get a new one before proceeding to step #2.
 2.If frozen, thaw turkey in a safe manner. Remove giblets bag from cavity.
 3.Place turkey on its stand and set it in the dedicated turkey-frying pot.
 4.Pour water into pot until turkey is covered completely and water level is two inches above the turkey.
 5.Remove turkey from water, and mark level of water in pot.
 6.Pour out water (discard). Dry the pot thoroughly and fill to line with peanut oil.
 7.Heat oil in pot over propane burner to 400 °F, by thermometer, in area at least TWENTY FEET FROM ANY BUILDING.
 8.Slowly lower completely thawed, completely drained turkey (on its stand) into oil using the hook with an oven mitt.
 9.The temperature of the oil will decrease to 350 °F. Maintain that temperature closely!
 10.Monitor temperature constantly until heat is turned off. Don't let it drop below 345 °F or go over 355 °F
 11.Fry turkey 3 minutes per pound. Be careful not to over-cook it! If it floats, it's over-done!
 12.Remove turkey using hook with oven mitt.
 13.Check temperature using meat thermometer in deep part of meat, to be at least 160 °F.
 14.Turn off fire and allow to cool completely before even considering moving.
 15.Rest turkey on tray, breasts down, 20–30 minutes before carving.
 
 Tips 
 If you are not willing to perform step #1 of directions, it is unsafe to cook using this method. 
 If you cannot understand steps #3 through #6, do not use this method. 
 The safest way to thaw a turkey is in the  refrigerator . Any other way invites Salmonella. 
 Source 
 Deep Fried Turkey  from the Wikibooks Cookbook—original source of recipe, licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License
 
 
 
 
Categories: Fried Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Poultry Recipes, Southern Recipes, Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Turkey meat Recipes, Add category