Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Italian_%22Cheese%22_Pie

Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 1¼ cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 1 tbsp unrefined sugar or  granulated sugar 
 pinch  salt 
 1 tsp grated  lemon peel 
 ⅓ cup  soy margarine  or  unsalted butter 
 1 tbsp  marsala  or sweet  sherry 
 1 to 3 tbsp ice-cold  water 
 Filling : 
 6 tbsp  pine nuts 
 ⅔ cup  golden raisins 
 ⅓ cup  marsala  or sweet  sherry 
 4 oz  firm  or  extra-firm tofu , drain and cut into ½-inch cubes 
 ¾ cup  apple juice 
 1 tbsp  agar-agar  flakes 
 ⅔ cup slivered blanched  almonds 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 pinch  salt 
 1 tbsp grated  lemon peel 
 ¾ cup  vegetable oil 
 2 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 In medium bowl, using fork, mix  flour ,  sugar ,  salt  and  lemon peel  until well blended. 
 Add soy  margarine  and blend until coarse crumbs form–about the size of baby  green peas . 
 Sprinkle 1 tablespoon  marsala  and 1 tablespoon of  water  over crumb mixture. 
 Toss gently, adding more  water  if necessary, until mixture can be pressed together with your hands. 
 Press into ball, flatten slightly and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. 
 Refrigerate for 1 hour or up to 24 hours. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 On lightly floured surface, roll out dough into 11-inch circle. 
 Fit crust into 9-inch pie plate. 
 Trim overhang and crimp edges. 
 Prick crust all over with tines of fork. 
 Place empty 9-inch pie plate over crust and fill with beans or pie weights. 
 Bake for 20 minutes. 
 Remove pie plate with weights and continue baking until just firm to touch, about 10 minutes. 
 Cool on wire rack. 
 Reduce oven to 325°F. 
 Filling : 
 Spread  pine nuts  in small baking pan and bake until golden, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Meanwhile, in small bowl, combine  raisins  and  marsala . 
 Let stand for 10 minutes to plump. 
 Drain well, reserving soaking liquid. 
 In small saucepan, combine  tofu ,  apple juice  and  agar-agar  flakes. 
 Stir in reserved liquid from  raisins . 
 Bring just to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer gently until  agar-agar  flakes are completely dissolved, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. 
 In food processor, process  almonds , 1 tablespoon of  sugar  and  salt  until  almonds  are finely ground. 
 Using slotted spoon, remove  tofu  mixture to small bowl (cover saucepan to keep juice mixture hot). 
 Working quickly, add a third of  tofu  mixture to  ground nuts . 
 Add  lemon peel  and process to blend. 
 With motor running, gradually drizzle ¼ cup of  oil  into nut mixture. 
 Alternately add remaining  tofu  and  oil  until blended. 
 Mixture will have a grainy, ricotta-cheese-like texture. 
 Add  lemon juice  and remaining  sugar  and process to blend. 
 With motor running, gradually pour in hot  apple juice . 
 Mixture will have texture of thick  mayonnaise  and remain slightly grainy. 
 Stir in  raisins . 
 Turn filling into crust and smooth surface. 
 Scatter  pine nuts  over filling. 
 To set pie, refrigerate, uncovered, for 1 hour. 
 If not serving immediately, cover with plastic. 
 Before serving, let pie stand at room temperature for 15 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Pie Recipes, Almond Recipes, Apple juice Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Extra-firm tofu Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Marsala Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Add category