Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Going_Halfway_Around_the_World:_How_to_Make_German_Cookies

I absolutely loved experimenting foreign recipes, especially dessert recipes, when I was in high school. One of my favorite ones to make is German Cookies. I first learned of it after I'd tried a recipe for German Crumble Cake. 
Today it's the second most common dessert I make. The cookies themselves aren't really sweet (unless I've been making them wrong all this time), but sweetness has never been a "must-have" factor for me when it comes to a dessert recipe. And you can always experiment by placing icing on the cookies or adding more  Sugar . 
 German Cookies is also a real 'hands on' recipe that contains a hefty bit of  butter . Hope you enjoy! 
 
 German Cookies : 
 4 cups of  flour  3/4 cups of  Sugar  2 sticks of  butter  2  eggs  1 teaspoon of  vanilla extract 
 Take a sifter, a rolling pin, a baking board, and cookie cutters (optional). Sift the  flour  onto the baking board. Make a dent in the middle of the  flour . 
 Pour the  vanilla extract  onto the  flour  and sprinkle  Sugar  on top. Cut the  butter  into small pieces and scatter them on the  flour . Crack the  eggs  and pour the yolks into the dent. 
 Mix all ingredients by hand, and smooth the dough flat about a half centimenter thick with the rolling pin. Engrave the dough with cookie cutters or roll and flatten into circle shapes. 
 Grease a cookie sheet and place cookie dough shapes on top. Put the oven on 350 degrees Fahrenheit (ovens may vary) and back for 10 minutes or until golden brown. 
 Let them cool. Any leftovers should be kept covered so they will last. 
 And there you have it! You've just made delicious German Cookies! 
 
 
 
 Discover More Tried and True Dessert Recipes Now That Will Have Your Sweet Tooth Screaming with Delight At  http://www.koripuckett.com/just-desserts 
 
Kori Puckett may be contacted at  http://www.koripuckett.com  . Click here to view more of their articles.
Kori Puckett loves baking, reading, and listening to music. Visit her web site www.KoriPuckett.com to find recipes and recipe collections, relaxation indoor fountains, and more home related information and products.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, German Recipes, German Snacks, Vanilla extract Recipes, Add category