Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Catfish_Beignets_with_Remoulade_Dipping_Sauce

Description : 
 A  catfish  recipe.
 
 Makes about 1 cup of Rustic rub and 2 cups of remoulade dipping sauce 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 ½ cup chopped  onion 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 1 pound U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets, cut into ½-inch pieces 
 1 teaspoon chopped  garlic 
 ¼ cup chopped  green onions 
 3  eggs , beaten 
 1½ cups  milk 
 2 teaspoons  baking powder 
 3⅓ cups  all-purpose flour 
 vegetable shortening  for deep frying 
 1 teaspoon  Rustic Rub 
 Remoulade Dipping Sauce 
 Rustic Rub : 
 4 tablespoons  paprika 
 1½ tablespoons  cayenne pepper 
 2½ tablespoons freshly ground  black pepper 
 3 tablespoons  garlic powder 
 1½ tablespoons  onion powder 
 3 tablespoons  salt 
 1¼ tablespoons dried  oregano 
 Remoulade Dipping Sauce : 
 ¼ cup  lemon juice 
 1½ cup  vegetable oil 
 ½ cup chopped  onions 
 ½ cup  green onions 
 ¼ cup chopped  celery 
 2 tablespoons prepared  horseradish 
 3 tablespoons  Creole  or  whole-grain mustard 
 3 tablespoons prepared  yellow mustard 
 3 tablespoons  ketchup 
 3 tablespoons chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add  onion  and sauté for 3 minutes or until slightly wilted. 
 Season with ½ teaspoon of the  salt  and ¼ teaspoon of the  cayenne pepper . Add  catfish  pieces and sauté for 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Stir in  garlic  and  green onions . Sauté for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and cool. 
 Mix  eggs ,  milk ,  baking powder  and remaining ½ teaspoon  salt  and ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper . Add  flour , ¼ cup at a time, beating well until the batter is smooth. Fold in  catfish  mixture. 
 Heat  shortening  in a deep fryer or a large, heavy saucepan to 360°F on a deep-frying thermometer. 
 Drop heaping spoonfuls of batter into the hot  oil , one at a time. 
 When the beignets pop to the surface, roll them around with a slotted spoon to brown evenly. Drain on paper towels. 
 Sprinkle beignets with  Rustic Rub  and serve with  Remoulade Dipping Sauce . 
 Rustic Rub : 
 Mix all ingredients in a small bowl until well blended. 
 The rub mixture can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 months. 
 Remoulade Dipping Sauce : 
 Place all ingredients in a food processor and process for 30 seconds. 
 Use immediately or refrigerate the sauce for several days in an airtight container. 
 
 
 
Categories: Spicy catfish Recipes, Southern catfish Recipes, Onion Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Celery Recipes, Horseradish Recipes, Prepared mustard Recipes, Ketchup Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category