Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Oluwombo


 
 Description : 
 Oluwombo  or Luwombo is a traditional dish from Uganda. It is both a classic dish of  Royal  dinners and a dish popular throughout Uganda, especially at holiday time. It is often said that oluwombo  dates  to 1887 when, during the reign of Kabaka Mwanga, the dish was introduced by his chief cook, Kawunta. The basic banana-leaf cooking method has been common across tropical Africa for centuries and is also much used wherever  bananas  or  plantains  are grown. (See: Liboké de Viande and Liboké de Poisson.) It can be made with  Beef ,  Chicken , goat,  Pork , or  Mushrooms .
 
 Ingredients : 
 cooking  oil 
 Beef ,  Chicken , goat, or  Pork  (any one or two or more in combination), cut into serving-sized pieces 
 peanuts  (roasted, shells and skins removed) or  Peanut   butter  (natural, unsweetened), about a half-cup per serving (optional) 
 Onion , chopped (half an  Onion  per serving) 
 tomatoes , peeled if desired, chopped (one  tomato  per serving) 
 tomato  paste (one tablespoon per serving) 
 one  Chicken  or  Beef  bouillon cube (optional) 
 salt  (to taste) 
 black pepper  (to taste) 
 banana  leaves (one per serving) 
 Mushrooms , cleaned (optional) 
 smoked or meat (optional) 
 plantains  (one per serving) 
 Directions : 
 In a hot, lightly-oiled skillet or on a hot outdoor grill, briefly cook meat until it is browned but not done. Remove from heat and set aside. 
 If you are using  peanuts : 
  Crush or grind the  peanuts  with a potato-masher, rolling pin or with a mortar and pestle.
 
 Heat a spoonful of  oil  in a saucepan. Add the  Onion  and cook for a minute. Then add the  tomatoes ,  tomato  paste, bouillon cube,  salt ,  pepper  (or other spices) and crushed  peanuts  or  Peanut   butter . If necessary, add  water  to make a smooth sauce. Cook briefly until it is heated completely. 
 Briefly heat the  banana  leaves over the grill or in a hot oven. (Heating the  banana  leaves makes them more flexible.) Remove some of the fibers from the central rib of the each leaf—these will be used to tie the leaf-packets closed (or use kitchen string). 
 Place a portion of meat and some of the tomato- Onion  sauce (and  Mushrooms  and smoked meat or , if desired) in the center of a leaf. Fold the leaf in from the sides, drawing all the sides together, being careful not to break the leaf. Tie tightly closed at the top. Cut off any extra leaf above the tie. Repeat until all the leaves have been filled. Use any extra leaf to double wrap the packets. 
 Place a wire rack (or similar) in the bottom of a large dutch oven or similar cooking pot. Add  water  to fill the pot up to the bottom of the rack. Place the banana-leaf packets on the rack. Cover and bring to a boil on the stove (or better yet) over the grill or an open fire. Steam the packets for an hour or longer. Add  water  to the cooking pot as necessary to prevent it from becoming dry. 
 To serve: Remove the  plantains  from their packets and lightly mash with a fork. Top with the meat and sauce. This can be done before serving, at the table, or each diner can be provided with a both a  plantain  packet and a meat packet. 
 plantains  cooked in  banana  leaves (i.e.,  plantain  leaves) are a popular staple dish in Uganda. 
 Mushrooms  and  peanuts  (without meat) can be cooked together oluwombo style. 
 Oluwombo can also be made without pre-cooking the meat and sauce before they are wrapped. The steaming time should increased to well over two hours. 
 
 
 
Categories: Banana Recipes, Beef Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Dates Recipes, Fish Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Pork Recipes, Add category