Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bubble_Bass%27_Order

In the SpongeBob episode "Pickles" you may have heard a character named Bubble Bass say this: 
 "I'll take a Double Triple Bossy Deluxe, on a raft, four-by-four animal-style, extra shingles with a shimmy and a squeeze, light axle grease, make it cry, burn it, and let it swim."
 
"We serve food here, sir." This shit crazy  
           
 People have tried to recreate the order from Bubble Bass in  SpongeBob . However, this was impossible without decoding what it meant. So here's what it means.
 
 Let's decode it all. : 
 "Double triple bossy" means 6, all-beef patties. However, adding a 4x4 (4 beef patties + 4 slices of cheese) it would be 10 patties. Grill them (replicating "burn it") in mustard (animal style). Don't forget to squash them down with a spatula first before grilling. Also, you'll need to add butter. But not too much, as "axle grease" means butter and "light" means not too much. Hide the patties under American cheese.
 Deluxe would mean iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, cheese (ignore this because we already used the cheese when grilling the patties), white onions, ketchup and mustard. Thinly cut all of these. Remember to get two lots of these to cut up.
 "On a raft" means Texas toast, so cut 48 thick slices of toast (you might need at least 3 loaves of bread) which we will use later. Extra shingles means MORE toast to make. Also, for "shimmy and a squeeze", you can either butter the toast, spread mayo on it or add special sauce. Or, if you're that hungry, all three.
 Now, "animal-style", add all the condiments you have, more special sauce (if you have any more if you used some on "shimmy and a squeeze") and add grilled onions and pickles.
 (According to Binging with Babish, Animal-Style refers to adding onion jam. This is how In-N-Out served their animal-style products.)
 The last part we need to do is "Make it cry", which is extra onions. If you haven't run out of onions yet, you're done. But you still need to make the actual burger.
 So you'll need to make something to hold up the burger. In the picture, we used an aluminum sheet which was made to hold up the burger. Stack up two patties upon two slices of toast, add tomatoes, onions and iceberg lettuce and then stack up more toast. Repeat until you run out of toast or patties.
 And, of course, don't forget the pickles.
 By now, re-reading it, I'm assuming you're saying "But Capprio! You forgot to add in 'Let it swim'!". Well, "Let it swim" isn't important. It means to go, and I'm assuming you're making this at home. So just ignore that.
 (Fix by Cloggedtrash22) ‘Let it swim’ actually means extra special sauce. (The official SpongeBob SquarePants YouTube Channel decoded it and said at the ‘swim’ part: ‘Let it swim’ means  extra special sauce )
 And if you want to eat the thing, then I suggest cutting it up into 6 even sandwiches.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/4b/Bubble_Bass%27_Order.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20180610155831']
Categories: Fictional Food Recipe, Fictional Food, Meat Recipes, Burger Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Onion Recipes, Ketchup Recipes, Mustard Recipes, Pickle Recipes, Cartoon Recipes, Big Recipes, Add category