Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mushrooms_stuffed_with_Tomatoes_and_Olives

Ingredients : 
 ⅓ cup chopped  walnuts 
 ½ oz  sun-dried tomatoes , preferably organic (about 6 pieces) 
 1 small all-purpose  potato , peeled and quartered 
 3 tbsp  skim milk  or  soy milk 
 36 small to medium-size  mushrooms  (about 1 lb), stems removed and reserved 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 cup finely chopped  onion 
 4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ⅛ tsp crushed  red pepper flakes , or more to taste 
 2 tbsp grated  romano  cheese, optional 
 2 tbsp chopped fresh  flat-leaf parsley 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Spread  walnuts  on baking sheet, and toast in oven until lightly browned and fragrant, about 6 minutes. Set aside to cool. 
 Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. 
 Put  sun-dried tomatoes  into small bowl, and cover with hot  water . 
 Cover with plastic wrap, and let stand until  tomatoes  are plump, about 30 minutes. 
 Drain well, and chop. Set aside. 
 Meanwhile, steam  potato  quarters until tender, about 15 minutes. 
 Transfer to small bowl, and let cool slightly. 
 Mash  potato  quarters with fork, then add  milk  and stir until smooth. Set aside. 
 Finely chop enough  mushroom  stems to equal ⅓ cup, and set aside. 
 Reserve remaining stems for another use; store them in refrigerator up to 3 days. 
 In large skillet, heat  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add  onion ,  garlic  and  red pepper flakes , and cook, stirring often, until  onion  begins to brown, about 10 minutes. 
 Add  sun-dried tomatoes  and chopped  mushroom  stems, and cook, stirring often, scraping bottom of pan occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. 
 In medium bowl, mix all ingredients except  mushroom  caps. 
 Mixture should be moist but hold its shape well. 
 Add small amounts of  water  if mixture is too dry. 
 Season with  salt  to taste (filling can be made ahead and refrigerated up to 2 days. Return to room temperature, and moisten with additional  water  if necessary before proceeding). 
 Coat shallow baking dish with nonstick  cooking spray . 
 Spoon filling into  mushroom  caps, mounding slightly. 
 Arrange  mushrooms  in prepared baking dish ( mushrooms  can be prepared up to this point and refrigerated, covered, for 1 day). 
 Bake until  mushrooms  are tender when pierced with fork and filling is heated through, about 20 minutes. 
 Serve warm or at room temperature. 
 
 
 
Categories: Garlic Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Potato Recipes, Romano Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Non-fat milk Recipes, Sun-dried tomato Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Onion Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Add category