Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ham_and_Asparagus_Lasagna


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 9 uncooked lasagna noodles 
 2 tablespoons  margarine  or  butter 
 1 1/2 pounds fresh  asparagus  spears, trimmed, cut into 
 1 inch pieces 
 1 (8 ounce) package (3 cups) sliced fresh  Mushrooms 
 1 pound cooked  Ham , cut into 1/2 inch cubes (2 3/4 cups) 
 2 cups  milk 
 1/3 cup all purpose  flour 
 1 teaspoon  Chicken  flavor instant bouillon 
 1/8 teaspoon  pepper 
 1 tablespoon dijon  mustard 
 8 ounce (2 cups) shredded  Cheddar   mozzarella   Cheese  blend 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Cook lasagna noodles to desired doneness as directed on package. Drain. 
 Meanwhile, heat oven to 350?F. Spray 13 x 9 inch (3 quart) baking dish with nonstick  cooking spray . 
 Melt  margarine  in 12 inch skillet over medium heat. 
 Add  asparagus  and  Mushrooms ; cook and stir 5 to 7 minutes or until  asparagus  is crisp tender. 
 Pour into large bowl; stir in  Ham . Set aside. 
 In same skillet, with wire whisk, combine 1/2 cup of the  milk ,  flour , bouillon,  pepper  and dijon  mustard ; blend well. 
 Add remaining 1 1/2 cups  milk ; blend well. 
 Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture is bubbly and thickened. 
 Remove from heat; stir in 1/2 cup of the  Cheese  until melted. 
 To assemble lasagna, spread 1/2 cup sauce over ottom of sprayed baking dish. 
 Reserve 1/2 cup sauce for topping. 
 Add remaining sauce to  Ham  mixture, mix well. 
 Arrange 3 cooked noodles over sauce in baking dish. 
 Spoon and spread half of  Ham  mixture over noodles; top with 1/2 cup  Cheese . Repeat layers. 
 Top with remaining noodles and reserved 1/2 cup sauce. 
 Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup  Cheese . 
 Bake at 350F. for 20 to 30 minutes or until bubbly. 
 Let stand 15 minutes before serving. 
 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Asparagus Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Ham Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category