Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Creamy_Broccoli_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 cups small  Broccoli  florets and peeled, chopped stems 
 2 stalks  celery , sliced 
 1 medium green  bell pepper , sliced 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 2 tsp.  vegetable oil ,  ghee  or  butter  for garnish (optional) 
 1 1/2 cups tiny  Broccoli  florets for garnish (optional) 
 4 to 5 cups low-sodium  vegetable broth 
 1 to 2 tsp.  Sugar 
 1/4 tsp. freshly ground  pepper 
 1/4 cup minced fresh  parsley 
 Directions : 
 1/4 cup  vegetable oil  or 1/3 cup  ghee  or  butter 
Pinch of  asafetida  (optional)
 1. In large pot, heat 1/4 cup  oil  or 1/3 cup  ghee  over very low heat. Stir in  asafetida  if desired, 6 cups  Broccoli ,  celery ,  bell pepper  and 1/2 teaspoon  salt . Cover and cook until vegetables are very tender, stirring occasionally, 30 to 40 minutes.
 
 2. Meanwhile, make garnish if desired: In large skillet, heat 2 teaspoons  oil  over low heat. Add 1 1/2 cups  Broccoli  florets and cook, stirring often, until tender, about 20 minutes. Set aside.
 
 3. In blender or food processor, puree broccoli- celery  mixture in batches with 4 cups broth until as smooth as possible. The smoother the puree, the easier the next step will be.
 
 4. Place large sieve over soup pot. Strain  Broccoli  puree through it, stirring and pressing out liquid with back of large spoon; scrape underside of sieve periodically. Do not skip this step! It is vital for a creamy texture. Discard any fibrous material that pulls away from sieve.
 
 5. Reheat soup, covered, over medium heat, thinning with remaining 1 cup broth if necessary. Stir in garnish and season with  Sugar ,  pepper  and remaining 1/2 teaspoon  salt . Ladle into bowls, sprinkle with  parsley  and serve.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Asafetida Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Broccoli Soup Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category