Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Stuffed_Hushpuppies_with_Creole_Tomato_Sauce

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Yield: 6 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 Stuffed hushpuppies : 
 3 cups-box hushpuppy mix, made following directions on box 
 1 bunch fresh  leeks , washed and chopped into half moons 
 1 tablespoon grated  fresh ginger 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  garlic 
 1 medium  Vidalia onion , finely diced 
 2 cups  heavy cream 
 ½ pound fresh  rock shrimp , cleaned and peeled 
 1 pound fresh  Maine lobster  meat, cut into ½-inch chunks 
 ½ pound  crawfish  tail meat 
 salt  and  pepper 
 Creole tomato sauce : 
 1  green pepper , roughly chopped 
 1 medium  Vidalia onion , roughly chopped 
 3 tablespoons chopped  garlic 
 ½ stalk  celery , roughly chopped 
 2 tablespoons  Creole seasoning 
 4 vine ripened  tomatoes , roughly chopped 
 2 quarts  chicken stock 
 2 each  bay leaves 
 1 tablespoon dried  oregano 
 ½ bunch fresh  cilantro , chopped 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  thyme 
 Directions : 
 Stuffed hushpuppies : 
 Preheat a deep pot halfway filled with  oil  or a deep-fryer to 350 °F. 
 With a medium  ice cream  scoop portion out the hush puppy mix and fry until golden brown. 
 Allow to cool, then cut a slice of the top of the hushpuppy and scoop out the insides, being careful not to cut through the hushpuppy on the bottom or sides. 
 Set aside. 
 In a medium sauté pan over medium to high heat, sauté the  leeks ,  ginger , garlic , and  onion  in  butter  for 10 minutes, being careful not to brown. 
 Add the  heavy cream  and turn to low and allow the cream to reduce by half. 
 When cream has reduced by half add the  shrimp , lobster, and  crawfish  and cook until the mixture is slightly thickened. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper , to taste, and keep warm. 
 Creole tomato sauce : 
 In a medium sauce pot heat  olive oil  over medium-high heat and sauté the pepper,  onion ,  garlic ,  celery , and creole seasoning for 5 minutes. 
 Add the  tomatoes  and cook for 5 minutes longer. 
 Add remaining ingredients and cook on low for 25 minutes. 
 Remove from stove and purée the sauce as smooth as possible in a blender or food processor. 
 Pass through a sieve or colander. 
 Keep warm. 
 Preheat the oven to 375 °F. 
 Finishing the dish : 
 Stuff the hushpuppies with the rock shrimp/crawfish mixture and bake in the oven for 5 minutes. 
 Place 2 ounces of creole sauce on plate and top with stuffed hushpuppies. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Crayfish Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Leek Recipes, Lobster Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category