Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Asian_Tofu_Salad

Description : 
 The best thing about tofu - besides its nutritional value - is the way it carries other flavors, such as the tanginess of this sesame dressing. Serve this warm salad with crunchy breadsticks and a tall glass of iced jasmine tea.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes For Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  Eating Well Diabetes Cookbook 
 Formatted by Chupa Babi in MC: 06.26.07 
 Active time: 25 minutes | Total time: 25 minutes 
 Makes 4 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons  canola oil 
 2 tablespoons  rice vinegar 
 1 tablespoon  honey 
 2 teaspoons reduced-sodium  soy sauce 
 1 teaspoon toasted  sesame oil 
 1 teaspoon minced fresh  ginger 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 1 x 14-ounce package  extra-firm, water-packed tofu , rinsed, patted dry and cut into 1-inch cubes 
 8 cups mixed  salad greens 
 2 medium  carrots , peeled, halved lengthwise and sliced 
 1 large  cucumber , chopped 
 Directions : 
 Whisk canola oil, vinegar, honey, soy sauce, sesame oil, ginger and salt in a bowl. 
 Place tofu and 2 tablespoons of the dressing in a large nonstick skillet. 
 Cook over medium-high heat, turning every 2 to 3 minutes, until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes total. 
 Remove from the heat, add 1 tablespoon of the dressing to the pan and stir to coat. 
 Toss greens, carrots and cucumber with the remaining dressing. 
 Serve immediately, topped with the warm tofu. 
 Notes : 
 Make ahead tip: The dressing (Step 1) will keep, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. Whisk just before using. 
 ChupaNote: tossed in a julienned  red bell pepper  and a thinly sliced  red onion  as well as a handful of  sugar snap beans . Doubled all of the ingredients of the dressing and we used most of it over rice!!!! 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 237 calories | 16 g fat (2 g sat, 8 g mono) | 0 mg cholesterol | 16 g carbohydrate | 11 g protein | 5 g fiber | 454 mg sodium. 
 Nutrition bonus: Vitamin A (180% daily value) | Folate (41% dv) | Vitamin C (38% dv) | Calcium (29% dv). 
 Carbohydrate servings: 1½ 
 Exchanges: 3 vegetable | 1 medium-fat meat | 2 fat 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Salad Recipes, Extra-firm tofu Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Honey Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Leafy and salad vegetable Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Add category