Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Soba_Noodles_and_Stir-fried_Vegetables

Ingredients : 
 1 tsp toasted  sesame oil 
 1 tsp + 1 tbsp  shoyu  or  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp  peanut  or  vegetable oil 
 4 cups thinly sliced  napa (chinese) cabbage 
 ½ cup peeled, grated  daikon  for garnish 
 2  nori  sheets, cut into slivers for garnish 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  ginger  for garnish 
 1 tsp  wasabi , mixed with 1 tsp  water 
 8 oz pkg.  soba  ( buckwheat noodles ) 
 Broth : 
 8 oz fresh  shiitake mushrooms 
 4-inch piece  kombu 
 6 dried  shiitake mushrooms 
 ¼ cup thinly sliced fresh  ginger 
 1 small  onion , thinly sliced 
 ¼ cup  shoyu  or  soy sauce 
 ¼ cup  sake 
 Directions : 
 Bring large pot of  water  to a boil for noodles over high heat. 
 Make broth: separate stems from fresh shiitakes; set caps aside. 
 Place stems in medium saucepan along with  kombu , dried shiitakes,  ginger  slices,  onion , shoyu,  sake  and 4 cups  water . 
 Bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Remove  kombu , reduce heat to medium and simmer until liquid is reduced by half, about 25 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, slice reserved shiitake caps and set aside. 
 Add noodles to boiling  water ; stir to prevent sticking. 
 Cook until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. 
 Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain again. 
 Transfer to large bowl; stir in  sesame oil  and 1 teaspoon shoyu. 
 Set aside. 
 Set wok or large skillet over high heat and add  peanut oil . 
 Immediately add sliced shiitake caps and stir-fry 1 minute. 
 Add remaining 1 tablespoon shoyu and stir-fry until shiitakes are tender, 1 to 2 minutes. 
 Add  cabbage  and stir-fry until tender, about 3 minutes. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Season with freshly ground  pepper  to taste. 
 To serve, strain broth, discarding solids. 
 Have garnishes ready. 
 Divide noodles among 4 wide bowls or  pasta  plates. 
 Add stir-fried vegetables then ladle over some broth. 
 Top with mound of  daikon , some  nori  slivers and chopped  ginger . 
 Pass  wasabi  mixture separately so that each diner can flavor broth to taste. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Daikon Recipes, Kombu Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Nori Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Soba Recipes, Wasabi Recipes, Onion Recipes, Sake Recipes, Add category