Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Noni_Afghani_I


 
 Description : 
 These small oval breads are baked in a tandoor, the stove of the region—sometimes buried in the ground as it is in India. The Afghan oven is above ground and is of rounded bricks. A wood fire is made in the bottom of the oven, a cover is placed over the oven opening and the oven is heated. The matzoh and noni doughs are shaped and then slapped onto and stuck to the inside surface of the hot bricks for fast baking. 
 
 Makes 8 noni. 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ cups  water ; warm 
 1 pk (¼ oz / 7 grams)  dry yeast 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 4 cups  flour 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ¼ cup  corn oil 
 1  egg yolk  mixed with a little  water 
 1 tbsp  water 
 1 tbsp  black cuminseed  or  caraway seeds 
 Directions : 
 Mix ½ cup of warm  water ,  yeast , and  sugar  together and let it proof for 10 minutes. 
 When froth appears, sprinkle ½ ts  flour  on top and let it continue to proof for 5 minutes more. 
 The froth will rise quickly. 
 Put  flour  in a large mixing bowl and sprinkle  salt  over it. 
 Make a well in middle of the  flour  and add  oil  and the  yeast  mixture. 
 Stir this in and add small amounts of  water  until you have produced a soft, moist dough that can be handled. 
 Knead well for 5 minutes. 
 Put dough ball back in bowl, cover with a towel, and let it rise for 1½ hours. 
 Punch down dough. 
 Divide dough into 8 equal parts and roll each part into a ball. 
 Roll each ball into a oval shape 6 to 7 inches long and ½ inch thick. 
 Draw tines of a fork in 3 lines along length of each noni for a decorative design. 
 Paint each noni with  egg  mixture and sprinkle over all ½ tsp black cuminseeds (this is traditional seed to use, but caraway seeds may be substituted if black cuminseed is unobtainable). 
 Put noni on an ungreased cookie sheet and bake in a preheated 350°F oven for 20 to 25 mins. The brown top will glisten. 
 Notes : 
 Black cumin  (Bunium persicum B. Fedtsch): Smaller and sweeter than standard  cumin  seed; plants grow wild in Middle East. The seeds are used in Afghanistan, Iran, and  Turkey . Black cuminseeds are sprinkled on Afghan bread
 
 
 
 
Categories: Afghan Vegetarian, Flatbread Recipes, Nigella Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Yeast Recipes, Add category