Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Panko-crusted_Fried_Avocado_Maki_Sushi_with_Wasabi_Cr%C3%A8me_Fra%C3%AEche


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  crème fraîche 
 1½ tbsp fresh  lemon juice  (or to taste) 
 1½ tbsp  wasabi  paste (or to taste) 
 24 toasted  nori  sheets 
 1  Japanese cucumber  (10 inches long), cut into thin wedges about 5 inches long 
 1  carrot , large, julienned 
 1  red bell pepper , julienned 
 1  yellow bell pepper , julienned 
 1½ pounds  California avocados , cut in thin wedges 
 Seasoned sushi rice  - recipe follows 
 9 oz  panko  (Japanese bread crumbs) (1¼ quarts) 
 3 cups  nori  komi furikake (Japanese seasoning of seaweed and  sesame seed ) 
 8  eggs 
 3 cups  flour 
 Seasoned sushi rice : 
 1½ cups  rice vinegar 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ½ cup  salt 
 1 quart medium-grain  Japanese rice 
 1½ quarts  water 
 4-inch piece of  konbu  (dried  kelp ) 
 Directions : 
 Thoroughly mix crème fraîche,  lemon juice  and  wasabi ; reserve. 
 Lay first  nori  sheet, shiny side down, on a bamboo sushi mat. 
 Put pieces of  cucumber ,  carrot , red and yellow  bell pepper  and  avocado  in a strip horizontally at front edge of  nori  sheet. 
 Using the sushi mat, tightly roll  nori  sheet from front to back edge. 
 Remove mat; repeat 11 times more. 
 Reserve. 
 Lay second  nori  sheet, shiny side down, on a bamboo sushi mat. 
 Cover it with 1 cup of  sushi rice  from front edge to within 1 inch of back edge. 
 Place 1 reserved vegetable roll horizontally midway between front and back edge of  nori . 
 Lift the front edge and fold it to the exposed back edge of  nori . 
 Using the sushi mat, firmly shape the roll; repeat 11 times more. 
 Reserve. 
 Just before service : 
 Mix the panko and furikake together; spread mixture in a shallow pan. 
 Beat  eggs ; reserve in a shallow dish large enough to fit a whole sushi roll. 
 Lightly dust each sushi roll with  flour ; then dip in  egg . 
 Next, roll in panko mixture. 
 Reserve rolls. 
 Per order : 
 Quickly deep fry 1 sushi roll until golden brown and crisp, about 1 minute. 
 Pat rolls with a towel to remove excess  oil . 
 Using a thin, sharp knife, trim ends of sushi, then cut into 8 or 10 slices. 
 Arrange on a serving dish with about 1 tablespoon crème fraîche mixture on the plate. 
 Seasoned sushi rice : 
 Heat  rice vinegar ,  sugar  and  salt  until  sugar  and  salt  dissolve; cool. 
 Reserve. 
 Wash medium-grain  Japanese rice  until the  water  runs clear; drain well. 
 Put  rice ,  water , and  konbu  in a large pot. 
 Bring to a boil; reduce to a simmer. 
 Cook over very low heat until  rice  is tender and  water  is absorbed, about 15 minutes. 
 Let rest 10 minutes. 
 Immediately put  rice  in a large bowl; remove  konbu . 
 Sprinkle hot  rice  with reserved  sushi vinegar  mixture, turning  rice  over with a wooden paddle, until  rice  is flavored evenly, using about 1⅓ cups; take care not to add too much, which will make  rice  mushy. 
 Cover  rice  with a towel; cool. 
 Yield: 3 quarts. 
 
 
 
Categories: Sushi Recipes, Crème fraîche Recipes, Glutinous rice Recipes, Hass avocado Recipes, Japanese cucumber Recipes, Kombu Recipes, Nori Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Add category