Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Passover_Dark_Chocolate_Nut_Cake


 
 Description : 
 Servings: 10 to 15 
 
 Ingredients : 
 10 to 12  eggs 
 3 oz  unsweetened chocolate 
 ½ cup  semisweet chocolate  pieces 
 ⅔ cup  sugar 
 2 cup very finely chopped  almonds   or   pecans 
 ¾ tsp pure  vanilla 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 Dark chocolate glaze : 
 1 cup  semisweet chocolate  pieces 
 1 tsp  butter   or   margarine 
 ½ tsp instant  coffee  crystals 
 1 tbsp hot  water 
 3 tbsp dairy  sour cream 
 ¼ tsp maple flavoring 
 Directions : 
 Set a large mixer bowl in a sink filled with 2 inches of warm  water . 
 Separate  eggs  (you should have about 1½ cups whites). 
 Pour the whites into the warm mixer bowl and place  yolks  in a smaller mixer bowl (or let separated  eggs  stand, covered, at room temperature for 30 minutes). 
 Meanwhile, in a small, heavy saucepan, partially melt  unsweetened chocolate  and  semisweet chocolate  pieces over low heat. 
 Turn off heat and stir ( chocolate  will continue to melt). 
 Cut a waxed paper liner for the bottom of a 10" tube pan, cutting it ½" wider than the pan and the center hole slightly larger than the tube. 
 Grease pan thoroughly. 
 Place liner in pan and grease liner. 
 Beat  egg yolks  with an electric mixer on high speed for about 4 minutes or till they"re thick and  lemon  colored. 
 Add the ⅔ cup  sugar , beating till very thick. 
 Stir in the melted  chocolate  and chopped  nuts . 
 Thoroughly wash and dry beaters. 
 Beat  egg whites  with  vanilla  and  almond extract  till foamy. 
 Gradually add the ¼ cup  sugar  to  egg whites , beating till soft peaks form. 
 Lighten  egg yolk  mixture with about 2 cups beaten  egg whites . 
 Add to the remaining  egg white  mixture and fold together to combine. 
 Turn batter into prepared pan. 
 Bake at 350 °F for about 40 minutes or till top springs back when lightly touched. 
 Run a knife around the edge of the pan and center to loosen. 
 Cool in pan for 1 hour. 
 Invert onto cake plate. 
 Remove waxed paper. 
 Prepare glaze; spread over top and sides of cake. 
 Dark chocolate glaze : 
 In a small heavy saucepan or skillet, melt  chocolate  over low heat. 
 Remove from heat and stir in  butter  or  margarine . 
 In a small bowl, dissolve instant  coffee  in hot  water . 
 Stir in the  sour cream  and maple flavoring. 
 Add  sour cream  mixture to  chocolate , stirring till smooth and shiny. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Almond extract Recipes, Cake Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Passover Desserts, Pecan Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Add category