Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Toffee_Bundt_Cake

INGREDIENTS : 
 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour 
 3/4 cup  cake flour 
 1 3/4 teaspoons baking powder 
 1 teaspoon baking soda 
 1/2 teaspoon salt 
 10 to 12 ounces Heath bars, chopped 
 1 cup milk chocolate chips 
 1 cup salted butter, softened 
 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar 
 3/4 cup firmly packed light brown sugar 
 3 large eggs 
 2 1/2 teapsoons vanilla extract 
 1 1/3 cups plus 2 tablespoons sour cream 
 powdered sugar 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees and spray a 12-cup Bundt pan with baking spray with flour. 
 Sift the all-purpose flour, cake flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together onto a piece of wax paper. 
 In a medium bowl, combine the chopped Heath bars and chocolate chips. Add 1 1/2 tablespoons of the flour mixture and stir together. 
 Using an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter at medium speed for 3 minutes. 
 Add half the granulated sugar and beat for 2 minutes. 
 Add the remaining granulated sugar and beat for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. 
 Add the brown sugar and beat for 2 minutes. 
 Beat in the eggs, one at a tme, beating for 45 seconds after each addition. Srape down the sides of the bowl. 
 Add the vanilla extract. 
 With mixer on LOW speed, add the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the sour cream in two additions. Stop a few times to scrape down the sides of the bowl. 
 Stir in the Heath bar/chocolate chip mixture. Transfer batter to the Bundt pan. Place it on a baking sheet in case any overflows. (It shouldn't unless you are using a smaller bundt pan but it's best to be safe.) 
 Bake for 55 to 60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
 Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes and then invert onto a serving platter. 
 Once cool, sift powdered sugar over the cake. 
 
 
 
Categories: English toffee Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Candy Bars, Chocolate chip Recipes, Butter Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Light brown sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Powdered Sugar Recipes, Add category