Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jello_Shots

Ingredients : 
 jello 
 water 
 alcohol 
 Directions : 
 In a bowl, mix boiling water with the powdered gelatin until fully disolved. 
 Add cold water and alcohol to the boiling water/jello mixture. 
 Pour resulting mixture into shot glasses or paper cups. 
 Put glasses/cups on a tray and let jello set for two hours in the refrigerator. 
 Tips : 
 Depending on the proof of alcohol you use, adjust the proportions of alcohol to cold water to ensure that the shot still sets. Use the following ratios:
 13 ounces of 30-50 proof alcohol to 3 ounces cold water 
 10 ounces 80-100 proof alcohol to 6 ounces cold water 
 6 ounces 150-200 proof alcohol to 10 ounces cold water 
 Although shot glasses look prettier and allow you to see the vibrant colors of the jello, paper cups allow for easier jello shot consumption as they can be turned inside out. 
 If you are having a jello shot party, you may want to use more water and less alchol when making the shots. 
 Follow the instructions on the package.  For easier pouring, you can buy a jello shot maker at jellinator.com 
 Be creative in mixing jello flavors with alcohol. If you have a favorite alcoholic drink, try converting it into jello short form using unflavored jello, juice/soda and alcohol. 
 Orange and cherry are jello flavors that work well with Brandy. 
 You can match fruit flavored liquor with fruit flavored jello. For example, you can combine 
 Here are some other popular liquor/jello flavor combinations:
 Lime jello with tequila and triple sec 
 Orange jello with orange cognac/brandy (such as Grand Marnier) or peach schnapps 
 Unflavored gelatin with coca-cola with rum 
 Cranberry jello with vodka 
 Cherry jello with cherry brandy 
 Raspberry jello with raspberry Schnapps 
 Tropical fruit jello (or unflavored gelatin mixed with fruit punch) with dark rum or mango liqueur 
 Unflavored jello with lemonade and whiskey 
 Strawberry jello with light rum and strawberry liqueur (such as Pucker) 
 Apricot Jello with amaretto 
 Warnings : 
 Even though jello shots taste like candy they still contain alcohol, so please consume in moderation. 
 Be extra careful if you use everclear in jello shots as they will be extremely potent. 
 
 
 
Categories: Liquor Recipes, Shooter Recipes, Add category