Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Scrambled_Eggs_with_Fresh_Salsa

Ingredients : 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 ½ cup sliced  mushrooms 
 ½ cup sliced  green onions  or scallions 
 ½ cup chopped  red bell pepper 
 ½ cup chopped  yellow  or  green bell pepper 
 6 whole  eggs  or 6  egg whites 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ cup  skim milk 
 Salsa : 
 1 bunch  cilantro  (½ cup  cilantro  leaves) 
 1 cup chopped  tomatoes 
 ¼ cup diced  red bell pepper 
 ¼ cup diced  red onion 
 1 small  jalapeño pepper , seeded and minced 
 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed  lime juice 
 Garnish : 
 6 slices whole grain  bread 
 6 slices  honeydew melon 
 Directions : 
 Salsa : 
 Hold the  cilantro  under running  water  to wash off the dirt. 
 Pinch the leaves off the stems, coarsely chop the leaves, and put them in a small bowl with the remaining salsa ingredients. 
 Toss thoroughly until everything is blended together. 
 Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. 
 Eggs : 
 Smear a nonstick medium sauté pan with ¼ teaspoon of the  oil  and set it over medium heat. 
 Sauté the  mushrooms ,  onions  and  peppers  in the pan, tossing them occasionally, until limp, about 2 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Whisk the  eggs ,  salt  and  milk  together in a small bowl. 
 Coat the bottom of a separate pan with the remaining  olive oil , set it over low heat, pour in the  eggs , and partially cook them for 3 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon until they are no longer runny. 
 Transfer the partially cooked  eggs  to the pan with the vegetables and cook everything together for 1 minute, stirring with a wooden spoon or spatula. 
 Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm. 
 Cut each bread slice diagonally, put them on a cookie sheet, and toast them under the broiler on the lower rack for less than 30 seconds on each side. 
 Serve the  eggs  with toast, a slice of  honeydew melon , and a small ramekin of salsa. 
 
 
 
Categories: Brunch Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Salsa Recipes, Honeydew melon Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Add category