Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Ratatouille_with_Chickpeas

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 head  garlic 
 olive oil , for brushing vegetables 
 3 large  tomatoes , cored and halved crosswise 
 1 small  Eggplant , cut into 1-inch-thick rounds 
 2 large  bell peppers , cored, halved and seeded 
 2 medium  zucchini , halved lengthwise 
 1 cup canned  Chickpeas , drained and rinsed 
 2 Tbs. chopped fresh  basil 
 1/2 cup  tomato  sauce, optional 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat gas grill to medium or prepare charcoal fire.
 2. Using sharp knife, slice off upper third from  garlic  head. Place  garlic  head in sheet of aluminum foil, sprinkle with  oil  and loosely wrap. Place on fairly hot section of grill and let cook while grilling vegetables, about 30 minutes.
 3. Brush surfaces of  tomato  halves with  oil  and place on grill, skin side down. Brush  Eggplant  slices with  oil  and place on grill. Trim white ribs from  peppers ; brush with  oil  and place on grill, along with halved  zucchini . (If there’s not enough room, grill vegetables in stages.) Sprinkle all vegetables with  salt  and  pepper  to taste.
 4. Grill vegetables, sans  tomatoes , using tongs to turn frequently, until tender but not overly charred.
 5. When  bell peppers  are done, transfer to medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 10 minutes.
 6. Transfer remaining vegetables to large, shallow, casserole dish.
 7. Scrape and discard charred skin from  bell peppers .
 8. Coarsely chop all vegetables and transfer to large saucepan. Add  Chickpeas ,  basil , and  salt  and  pepper  to taste.
 9. Remove  garlic  from foil, squeeze out several individual cloves and chop or mash. Add to vegetables and mix well. (Save remaining roasted  garlic  for another use.)
 10. Over medium-low heat, gently heat ratatouille, stirring often and adding a little  tomato  sauce to moisten if desired. Serve with grilled polenta slices.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Add category