Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spaghetti_Squash_Casserole

Description : 
 Source:  The New Basics Cookbook  by Julee Rosso & Sheila Lukins
 
 Ingredients : 
 3½ lbs  spaghetti squash , 1 medium  or  1½ lbs  spaghetti squash , 1 small  [1] 
 4 ripe  tomatoes 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tbsp  salt 
 fresh ground  black pepper 
 ½ cup  mozzarella  cheese, shredded 
 ¼ cup  Parmesan cheese , grated 
 ¼ cup  scallions , chopped 
 grated Parmesan for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Prick the  squash  in 3 or 4 places with the tines of a fork. 
 Place it on a microwave-safe plate, cover loosely with microwave-safe plastic wrap, and cook at full power (650 – 700 watts) for 9 minutes. 
 Turn the  squash  over, and cook another 9 minutes. 
 Then let it stand, still covered, for 5 minutes. 
 Using a sharp knife, cut a small x in the bottom of each  tomato . 
 Arrange the  tomatoes  on a microwave-safe plate and cover with a damp paper towel. 
 Cook at full power for 4 minutes. 
 Let the  tomatoes  stand for 1 minute. 
 Then peel, core and coarsely chop. 
 Pour off the excess liquid. 
 Place 1 tbsp of the  olive oil  on a small microwave-safe plate and cook at full power for 2 minutes. 
 Then stir in  garlic  and cook until it is crisp, 3 – 4 minutes. 
 Halve the  squash  and scrape out the seeds. 
 Using a fork, scoop out the pulp and transfer the spaghetti-like strands to a 2½ quart microwave-safe casserole. 
 Add the  tomatoes ,  garlic  and  oil ,  salt ,  pepper  and remaining 2 tbsp  olive oil ; toss well. 
 Top with the  mozzarella , Parmesan and scallions. 
 Cook at full power until heated through, 4 minutes. 
 Serve with additional Parmesan on the side. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   In the two diabetic  spaghetti squash  recipes that i found, the  spaghetti squash  ingredient was about 1½ for 4 serving or sweet ones. For the small squash, it should equal about 1 vegetable for the diabetic. 
 
 
 Nutritional information : 
 Food exchanges per serving should be about 1 ½ vegetable exchange + ½ high-fat meat exchange + 1 fat exchange
 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Casserole Recipes, Microwave Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Spaghetti squash Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category