Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/New_York_Ricotta_Cheesecake

Description : 
 Recipe courtesy of George Stella 
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 24 ounces  cream cheese , softened 
 1 cup extra-fine whole milk  ricotta cheese  (to refine, process in a food processor for 1 minute) 
 ½ cup  sour cream 
 1½ cups sugar substitute (recommended: Splenda) 
 ⅓ cup  heavy cream 
 1 tablespoon no sugar added  vanilla extract 
 1 tablespoon fresh  lemon juice 
 2  eggs 
 3  egg yolks 
 special equipment: 1 (8-inch) spring-form cake pan 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. 
 Spray the spring-form pan with nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray. 
 Set aside. 
 In a shallow roasting pan big enough to fit the cake pan, pour about 1-inch of water and place it on the center rack of the oven to preheat. 
 In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat softened cream cheese, ricotta, sour cream and sugar substitute on low speed for about 1 minute until well blended. 
 In a separate bowl, using a wire whisk, mix heavy cream, vanilla, lemon juice, eggs, and egg yolks until blended. 
 Turn the mixer on medium speed, and slowly pour the egg mixture into the cream cheese mixture. 
 Beat just until blended and then turn off; be careful not to over-whip. 
 Pour batter into the greased spring-form pan. 
 Place pan into the heated water bath. 
 Bake for 15 minutes, and then lower the oven temperature to 275°F. 
 Continue baking for 1½ hours, or until top is light golden brown and cake is pulling away from the sides of the pan. 
 Turn the oven off when finished cooking and leave the cake in the oven to cool for 3 more hours. 
 (this will keep the cake nice and tall. 
 ) then remove cake and refrigerate before serving. 
 Serve chilled. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 Calories 299 | Fat 28g | Saturated Fat 18g | Carbohydrates 7g | Fiber 0g | Net Carbohydrates 7g 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Cheesecake Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Add category