Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Caribou_Goulash

Ingredients : 
 2 lbs boneless  stewing meat 
 1  onion , chopped 
 1 medium  carrot , sliced thin 
 6  black peppercorns 
 1  bay leaf 
 flour  for coating 
 2 large sweet  red bell peppers , cubed 
 1 medium  onion , chopped 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 rib of  celery , sliced 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 14 oz canned  tomatoes 
 2 tbsp  tomato paste 
 2 tbsp  paprika 
 1 tsp  caraway seeds  (optionall) 
 salt 
 fresh ground  black pepper 
 1 lb  potatoes 
 1¼ cups plain  yoghurt  or  sour cream 
 Marinade : 
 1¼ cup  red wine 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 In a shallow dish combine all the marinade ingredients and add the cubed caribou. 
 Cover and leave in a cool place for 24 hours. 
 Remove the meat cubes from the marinade. 
 Pat dry and roll in a little  flour . 
 Strain the marinade and reserve. 
 Cut the  peppers  in half and remove seeds. 
 Chop the  peppers  into cubes. 
 Chop the  onion  and mince the  garlic . 
 Cut the  celery  into ½ inch slices. 
 Heat the  oil  in a large frying pan and brown the caribou quickly. 
 Remove it then add the chopped vegetables to the  oil  and saute quickly; but do not allow to brown. 
 Put the caribou and fried vegetables into a flameproof casserole. 
 Add the  tomatoes  roughly chopped and the  tomato  paste. 
 Sprinkle the  paprika   caraway seeds  and  salt  and  pepper  to taste on to the contents of the casserole and pour in the marinade liquid. 
 Stir well and bring almost to boiling. 
 Cover. 
 Turn down the heat and simmer gently on top of the stove for 1½ – 2 hours. 
 25 minutes before the goulash is ready add the  potatoes  peeled and cubed. 
 Just before serving add the  yoghurt / sour cream  and stir. 
 Taste for seasoning: more  paprika  or caraway may be added if liked. 
 
 
 
Categories: Hungarian Meat Dishes, Stew Recipes, Venison Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Onion Recipes, Potato Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Celery Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category