Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Chow_Mein


 
 Description : 
 serves 4 to 6 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound  bean sprouts 
 2 boneless, skinless  chicken breasts , 7 to 8 ounces each 
 Marinade : 
 1 tablespoon  oyster sauce 
 1 teaspoon  soy sauce 
 salt  and  pepper , to taste 
 1 small piece (less than 1 teaspoon)  cornstarch 
 Sauce : 
 ¼ cup  water  or low-sodium  chicken broth 
 1 tablespoon  oyster sauce 
 1 tablespoon  soy sauce 
 salt  and  pepper , to taste 
 1 tablespoon  cornstarch  dissolved in 4 tablespoons  water 
 Other : 
 ½ pound dry  wonton noodles 
 2 medium ribs  celery 
 1 pound  bok choy  or  broccoli 
 ½ pound fresh  mushrooms 
 1  red bell pepper 
 ½  red onion 
 1  green onion 
 vegetable oil  for frying and stir-frying, as needed 
 ¼ cup toasted  sesame seeds 
 Directions : 
 One or 2 hours before cooking, rinse the  mung bean sprouts  so that they have time to drain thoroughly. 
 Cut the  chicken  into thin strips. 
 Add the marinade ingredients, add the  cornstarch  last. 
 Marinate the  chicken  for 20 to 25 minutes. 
 The following 3 steps can be completed while the  chicken  is marinating:. 
 Sauce : 
 Whisk the  water  or  chicken broth  with the oyster sauce, soy sauce,  salt ,  pepper  and  cornstarch  and set aside. 
 Wontons : 
 Soften the noodles by placing them in boiling salted  water . 
 Plunge into cold  water  to stop the cooking process and drain thoroughly. 
 Vegetables : 
 Wash all the vegetables as needed. 
 Cut the  celery  and the  bok choy  into ½-inch pieces on the diagonal. 
 If substituting  broccoli  for  bok choy , peel the stalks until no more strings come out, and slice thinly on the diagonal. 
 Wipe the  mushrooms  clean with a damp cloth and slice. 
 Cut the red  bell pepper  in half, remove the seeds and cut into chunks. 
 Peel and chop the  onion . 
 Dice the  green onion . 
 Assembly : 
 Heat a wok or frying pan over medium-high to high heat. 
 Add 2 tablespoons  oil . 
 When the  oil  is hot, add the noodles. 
 Fry in batches until golden. 
 Remove the noodles from the pan. 
 Heat 2 tablespoons  oil . 
 Add the  onion  and the meat. 
 Let the meat brown briefly, then stir-fry until the redness is gone and the meat is nearly cooked through. 
 Remove the cooked  meat  and  onion  from the pan. 
 Cook the rest of the vegetables separately, seasoning each with a bit of  salt  while stir-frying if desired. 
 When cooking the  bok choy  or  broccoli , add ¼ cup of  water  and cover while cooking. 
 Remove each of the vegetables from the pan when finished stir-frying. 
 Add more  oil  as needed. 
 Give the gravy a quick restir. 
 Add all the ingredients back into the wok, making a "well" in the middle if the wok for the gravy. 
 Add the gravy, stirring quickly to thicken. 
 Mix everything together. 
 Stir in the  green onions . 
 Pour the cooked vegetable and sauce mixture on top of the noodles. 
 Garnish the chow mein with the toasted  sesame seeds . 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Meat Dishes, American Chinese Recipes, Bean sprout Recipes, Bok choy Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category