Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fata

Description : 
 Lamb and bread soup
 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ pound lean  lamb  meat without bones 
 2 medium  onions , chopped fine 
 fresh ground  black pepper 
 6 cups + ¾ cup  water , divided 
 ½ cup  rice 
 ¼ cup + 2 tbsp  ghee  or  butter , separated 
 3 large cloves  garlic , crushed 
 ¼ cup  wine vinegar 
 2 rounds  khoubiz 
 Directions : 
 Cut  lamb  into 1 inch cubes and place in a large pot with 6 cups of the  water . 
 Bring slowly to a boil, skimming occasionally. 
 Add  onion ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Reduce heat, cover and simmer 1½ hours or until meat is tender yet not falling apart. 
 Meanwhile wash and drain the  rice . 
 In a medium saucepan boil one cup of  water  add 1 tablespoon of  ghee  and ½ teaspoon of  salt , than the  rice . 
 Bring back to a boil, stirring occasionally. 
 Cover and simmer over low heat 15–20 minutes until tender. 
 Using a slotted spoon remove meat from cooking liquid. 
 In a separate skillet melt 1 tablespoon of  ghee , add the meat and fry it a few minutes. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Set aside and keep it warm. 
 In the same frying pan used for the meat melt ¼ cup of  ghee  over medium high heat. 
 Add the  garlic  and sauté until it begins to take on color. 
 Remove skillet from heat. 
 Stir  vinegar  into the skillet. 
 Return to heat and boil a few seconds. 
 Set this mixture aside. 
 Place 1 round of toasted  khoubiz  in a large casserole or soup tureen. 
 Spoon some of the  garlic  mixture over the bread then add half of the cooked  rice . 
 Pour some of the soup broth over top of this. 
 Place second round of toasted bread then the remaining  rice . 
 Place fried  lamb  cubes on top the fried  lamb . 
 Top this off with the remaining  garlic  mixture. 
 Pour the remaining soup broth over this. 
 Garnish with fresh chopped  parsley . 
 
 
 
Categories: Kuwaiti Meat Dishes, Kuwaiti Soups, Wine vinegar Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Rice Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Onion Recipes, Pita Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category