Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Some_more...

Strawberry Pie 
 
  One quarter cup water
 
 3 Tbsp. cornstarch
One half cup sugar
Juice of 1 lemon
6 - 8 cups fresh strawberries, you can slice the large ones and leave the small ones whole
1 9-inch graham cracker pie crust
Whipped topping 
 Combine water and cornstarch and mix until dissolved. Heat a large saucepan and add sugar and lemon juice and stir until sugar is melted. Add water and cornstarch mixture and stir until mixture starts to thicken. Add strawberries for just a couple of minutes. Pour into pie shell and chill for 3 hours or more. Serve with whipped topping. 
 
  Cobb Salad 
 1 head iceberg lettuce
 
 6 cups spring greens
2 hard-boiled eggs, chopped
2 large tomatoes, chopped
2 avocados, peeled, pitted and diced
2 cups cooked chicken or turkey breasts, diced
2 cups cheddar cheese, grated
One third cup bacon bits 
 Combine all ingredients in a large bowl and toss. Drizzle with dressing just before serving. 
 
  Spinach, Black Bean and Corn Quesadillas with Pico de Gallo 
 1 Tbsp. olive oil
 
 1 15-oz. can black beans, drained
1 10-oz. package spinach, thawed
1 cup frozen corn, thawed
One quarter cup fresh cilantro, chopped
1 tsp. ground cumin
6 - 8 flour tortillas
2 cups cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses, grated 
 Heat olive oil in a skillet and add black beans, spinach, corn, cilantro and cumin. Cook for several minutes. Spoon onto one half of each flour tortilla and sprinkle with cheese. Fold over and place back in skillet over low heat just long enough to melt cheese. Slice in half and serve with Pico de Gallo. 
 Pico de Gallo 
 2 cups Roma tomatoes, chopped
1 small onion, chopped
One quarter cup fresh cilantro, chopped
2 serrano or jalapeno chiles, seeded and chopped
1 clove garlic, minced
One third cup Mexican beer
1 Tbsp. fresh lime juice
Salt to taste 
 Combine all ingredients and mix well.
 
  SPICED APPLE NUT CAKE   Makes 10 servings 
 
 Preparation time: 25 minutes 
 Cooking time: about 35 to 40 minutes 
 2 tablespoons butter 
 2 tablespoons sugar 
 3 medium peeled and thinly sliced Granny Smith apples, about 4 cups 
 3 tablespoons maple syrup, divided 
 1 (9-ounce) package yellow cake mix (such as Jiffy) 
 1 egg 
 1/2 cup cold water 
 2 teaspoons cinnamon 
 1/2 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts 
 Light whipped cream for garnish 
 In a large nonstick skillet, heat butter and sugar on medium-high until sugar begins to turn golden. Add apples; cook and stir 5 to 7 minutes until tender and just beginning to brown. Remove from heat. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Coat an 8-inch round baking pan with cooking spray. Drizzle bottom of pan with 2 tablespoons maple syrup. Arrange half the apple slices in a circular pattern to cover bottom. 
 Meanwhile, prepare cake mix as directed using egg and water, mixing in cinnamon (see Note). Fold in walnuts. Spoon half the batter carefully over apple slices in pan; smooth into an even layer. Top with remaining apple slices and then remaining batter. Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until the center springs back when gently pressed. Cool on wire rack 10 minutes; loosen edge and invert onto serving plate. Drizzle remaining 1 tablespoon maple syrup over top. Serve warm. Garnish with whipped cream. 
 NOTE: If using another brand of cake mix, follow directions on that package.
 
 
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Add category