Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spooky_Halloween_Chicken_Fingers

Description : 
 
 How to make these chicken fingers - a perfect Halloween treat.
 
 Total time: 52 minutes 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large  sausages 
 Marinade : 
 100 ml (3 ½ fl oz)  skimmed milk  + 1 tbsp for dipping 
 1  garlic  clove, crushed 
 1 tsp  thyme  leaves or ½ tsp dried 
 1 tbsp fresh  pear juice 
 Chicken finger covering : 
 90 g  shredded wheat cereal  - like Bitesize Shredded Wheat 
 2 lb finely grated  cheddar  cheese 
 4 lb grated  Parmesan 
 ½ tsp  paprika 
 1  quail egg 
 light sunflower  oil spray 
 To decorate : 
 8 mini  plum tomatoes 
 4 tbsp tomato  ketchup 
 To serve : 
 8  new potatoes , scrubbed 
 4  cherry tomatoes 
 8 slices of  cheese 
 160 g cooked  peas 
 160 g cooked sweet corn 
 Directions : 
 Cut each large sausage in half, cover with cling film and beat out a little; cut into strips and put in a bowl. 
 Marinade : 
 Mix together the skimmed milk, garlic, thyme, and pear juice (the mixture will separate a little from the pear juice but this is ok). 
 Pour over the sausage, cover, and leave to marinade in the fridge for 4 hours or overnight. 
 Heat the oven to 160°C / fan 140°C / 325°F / gas mark 3. 
 Steam the potatoes for about 1 hour then transfer to a baking tray and bake in the oven for about 15 minutes. 
 Chicken finger covering : 
 Whilst the potatoes are cooking, put 50g of Bitesize Shredded Wheat in a food processor and whiz for 1 – 2 minutes, until reduced to fine crumbs. 
 Mix with the Parmesan, cheddar cheese and paprika and transfer to a large plate. 
 Whiz the remaining 40 g Bitesize Shredded Wheat in a food processor until fine and spread out onto another plate. 
 Whisk the egg in a small bowl with the tablespoon of milk. 
 Remove the chicken strips from the marinade, shaking off any excess and toss in the whizzed up plain Bitesize Shredded Wheat. 
 Dip in the beaten egg and roll in the cheesy Bitesize Shredded Wheat coating. 
 Spray light sunflower oil into a large non-stick pan and fry over a medium heat for 2–3 minutes each side, until golden and crisp. 
 Cool slightly before serving. 
 To decorate : 
 Place half a mini tomato on one end of the chicken finger to imitate a red finger nail. 
 To make the potato eyes, top each potato with half a cherry tomato topped and an olive slice. 
 To serve : 
 Serve four chicken fingers with 2 potato eyes, sweetcorn, peas and tomato sauce!. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/ad/HalloweenChickenFingers.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20101031162717']
Categories: Cheddar Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Corn Recipes, Halloween Recipes, Kid-friendly Recipes, New potato Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Pea Recipes, Add category