Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Plum_Pudding

Ingredients : 
 2 cups wholewheat  breadcrumbs 
 1 cup  whole wheat flour 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 1 cup  dried mixed fruit 
 grated rind of 1 small  orange 
 juice of 1 small  orange 
 grated rind of 1  lemon 
 juice of 1  lemon 
 2 tsp  mixed baking spices 
 ½ tsp grated  nutmeg 
 ½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1¾ cup  carrots , grated 
 1 cup  green apples , grated 
 ⅗ cup  skim milk 
 5 tbsp granular sugar-free  sweetener 
 4 tbsp  margarine 
 1 tsp liquid gravy  browning 
 1  egg , beaten 
 2 tbsp + 2 tbsp  brandy 
 1 tsp  margarine  to grease dish 
 Directions : 
 Mix all the dry ingredients together. 
 Add the  carrots  and  apples . 
 Put the  milk , sweetener,  margarine  and gravy  browning  into a small saucepan and warm gently until the  margarine  has melted. 
 Cool and add to the dry ingredients along with the fruit juice,  egg  and 2 tbsp  brandy . 
 Mix well together. Pour into a greased baking dish, cover with a lid or foil. 
 Steam for 5 hours by placing covered dish in a heavy kettle over 1 inch of boiling  water . 
 Cover kettle. allow to cool, cover with foil and store in a cool dry place. 
 Use within 7 – 10 days. Steam for 2 hours on the day the pudding is required. 
 To serve, warm 2 tbsp reserved  brandy  in a large serving spoon or ladle, ignite and pour over pudding. 
 The flamed pudding may be served with clear  brandy  sauce or a sugar-free  egg  custard sauce, flavored with  brandy . 
 Sauce blend the  cornstarch  with a little cold  water  and stir into the boiling  water . 
 Boil for 2 – 3 minutes, stirring. 
 Remove from the heat and add  brandy  and sweetener. 
 Nutritional information : 
 For ⅛ pudding:
 
 220 cal | 30 grams carbohydrate | 5 grams fiber | 5 grams protein | 8 grams fat. 
 For ⅛ sauce:
 
 50 cal | negligible carb. 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Brandy Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Dried fruit Recipes, Fruit pudding Recipes, Granny Smith apple Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Add category