Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Skewered_Beef_with_Horseradish_Sauce

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Notes 
 5   Nutritional Information 
 6   Contributed by: 
 
 
 Description : 
 Real beef and horseradish mix and cook, as they are then made with cream cheese, sour cream, and Dijon mustard, grilled to a white-hot aroma, and served with other dishes. A spice rub sometimes replaces the barbecue sauce or meat marinade and works for this recipe, too.
 
 Ingredients : 
 
 6 oz. cream cheese, softened 
 ¼ cup sour cream 
 1 tbsp. prepared horseradish 
 2 tsp. Dijon mustard 
 1 pkg. meat marinade or barbecue sauce 
 ⅓ cup cane or white vinegar 
 ⅓ cup water, lukewarm only 
 2 tsp. Worcestershire sauce 
 1 ½ pound beef, top round steak, cut into cubes for kabobs 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the grill or broiler. In a small bowl, thoroughly combine cream cheese, sour cream, horseradish, and mustard. 
 Refrigerate until ready to serve. In a medium bowl, thoroughly combine contents of the marinade package with vinegar, water, and Worcestershire sauce. 
 Place beef cubes in marinade; pierce deeply with a fork. Marinate 15 minutes, turning occasionally. Thread small skewers with meat. 
 Grill or broil beef 5 to 6 inches from heat, 8 minutes per side for medium. 
 Baste with the remaining marinade. Serve the beef skewers with horseradish sauce. 
 Notes : 
 You can simply use barbecue sauce or the spice rub in place of the marinade. You can also use the beef cubes to mix up with the barbecue sauce to place the meat on skewers before grilling.
 
 Nutritional Information : 
 Servings:  3 skewers per plate
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7c/Skewers.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004646']
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Beef Recipes, Meat Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Barbecue Recipes, Prepared barbecue sauce Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, World Recipes, Breakfast Recipes, Horseradish Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Spice Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Mustard Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Soft cheese Recipes, Vinegar Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Condiment Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Grilled Recipes, Add category