Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fattah

Ingredients : 
 One kg of meat cut in cubes. 
 One may use any type of meat but  Lamb  if preferred. Two cups of short  rice . 
 2-3 loafs of pita bread 
 two small peeled  onions 
 dash of  pepper 
 mastic 
 cardamom 
 garlic 
 ghee 
 cumin 
 tomato  paste 
 salt 
 vinegar 
 
 
 Directions : 
 To prepare a perfect dish of Fattah you need to follow four steps. 
 Preparing the meat 
 Fill a pot with  water  and place two small peeled  onions ,  pepper , mastic and a  cardamom . When the  water  starts to boil drop in the pieces of meat and let them boil to a stew. 
 Preparing the  rice 
 Wash the  rice  and let it sit in  water  for about 10 minutes then sieve it well. Place two tablespoons of  oil  in a pot on medium heat. As soon as the  oil  starts to fry add the  rice  and half a tea spoon of  salt . Stir the  rice  for 5 minutes. Add 2 glasses of the meat stew to the cooking  rice . Let the  rice  cook (for 20 minutes) on the lowest heat until it absorbs all the stew and becomes tender. When the  rice  is all dried up remove it from the stove. 
 Preparing the crisp pita bread 
 Cut the pita bread into small squared pieces, then place those pieces into a pan. Apply  oil  or  butter  to the bread pieces. Place the pan filled with bread pieces in a preheated oven for ten or so minutes until it becomes golden and crisp. 
 With the above three steps finished you have to place the ingredients in a deep bowl in layers before you can proceed on to the fourth step. Do not forget to pour some of the meat stew on each layer after placing it in the deep bowl. Make the lowest layer from bread top it with a thin layer of  rice  and pour some stew. Add the meat layer and pour some more stew on it. Place the final layer of  rice  and do not pour soup on the top layer of  rice  so that it does not turn soggy. 
 Preparing the dressing 
 Now that you have placed the meat, the bread and the  rice  in layers in a deep bowl, you are ready for the final and most important step in making the Fattah dish. The dressing gives the secret taste to the whole dish. So you have to be extra careful when you prepare it. 
 In a frying pan place one tablespoon of crushed  garlic , one table spoon of  ghee , half a teaspoon of  cumin  and 1\4 teaspoon of  salt . Dissolve one tablespoon of  tomato  paste in two tablespoons of  water  in a cup. In a frying pan, use low heat and stir the  garlic ,  ghee ,  cumin  and  salt  until the mixture darkens. Then add to the darkened mixture the  tomato  paste you prepared. Stir the mixture for a minute then add 1 tablespoon of  vinegar . Leave the mixture on low flame for 4–5 minutes. Pour the dressing on top of the Fattah. 
 
 
 
Categories: Egyptian Recipes, Egyptian Meat Dishes, Cardamom Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Rice Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category