Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bolo_Polana

Description : 
 Cashew and potato cake
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 medium-sized boiling  potatoes  (about 1 pound), peeled and quartered 
 2 tablespoons + 3 x ¼-pound sticks  unsalted butter , softened 
 2 tablespoons  flour 
 2 cups  sugar 
 2 cups roasted unsalted  cashews , finely chopped or pulverized in a blender or with a nut grinder 
 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh  lemon peel 
 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh  orange peel 
 9  egg yolks 
 4  egg whites 
 Directions : 
 Drop the  potatoes  into enough boiling  water  to cover them completely and cook briskly, uncovered, until they are soft enough to be easily mashed with a fork. 
 Drain, then mash the  potatoes  vigorously with a fork or put them through a ricer set over a bowl. 
 Set the  potatoes  aside to cool to room temperature. 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 With a pastry brush, spread 2 tablespoons of the softened  butter  evenly over the bottom and sides of a spring form cake pan 9 inches wide and 3 inches high. 
 Sprinkle the pan with the  flour , tipping it from side to side to spread the  flour  evenly. 
 Then invert the pan and rap it sharply to remove the excess  flour . 
 In a deep bowl,  cream  the 3 sticks of softened  butter  and 2 cups of  sugar  together by beating and mashing them against the sides of the bowl with the back of a spoon until they are light and fluffy. 
 Beat in the  potatoes , cashews,  lemon peel  and  orange peel . 
 Add the  egg  yolks, 1 at a time, stirring after each addition, and continue stirring until the mixture is well blended. 
 With a wire whisk or a rotary or electric beater, beat the  egg  whites until they are stiff enough to form firm, unwavering peaks on the beater when it is lifted from the bowl. 
 Stir a heaping tablespoon of the whites thoroughly into the  potato  mixture. 
 Then spoon the remaining  egg  whites over the mixture and, with a rubber spatula, fold them together gently but thoroughly. 
 Pour the batter into the buttered and floured pan, spreading it and smoothing the top with the spatula. 
 Bake in the middle of the oven for about 1 hour, or until the top is brown and a skewer inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean. 
 Let the cake cool for 5 minutes. 
 Then remove the sides of the pan and with the help of a large metal spatula slide the cake off the base onto a wire rack. 
 Serve the bolo polana while it is still slightly warm, or let it cool to room temperature before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Mozambican Desserts, Cake Recipes, Cashew Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category