Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Frankfurter_Kranz

Description : 
 Frankfurt crown cake
 
 
 Servings: 10 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake : 
 1 cup  butter ,  no   margarine 
 1½ cups  sugar 
 6  eggs , large 
 1½ tsp grated  lemon rind 
 8 tbsp  rum 
 4 tsp  baking powder 
 3½ cups  flour , unbleached, sifted 
 Butter-cream filling : 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ¾ cup  water 
 6  egg yolks , large 
 1 tbsp  rum 
 1 cup  butter ,  no   margarine , unsalted 
 Praline topping : 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ½ cup  water 
 1 cup  almonds , blanched, sliced 
 Apricot glaze : 
 ½ cup  apricot jam 
 Directions : 
 Cake : 
 Cream  butter  and  sugar  until very light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. 
 Beat in  egg yolks , one at a time. 
 Mix in  lemon  rind and 2 tbsp  rum . 
 Sift  baking powder  and  flour  together. 
 Gently mix into the  butter  mixture. 
 Beat  egg whites  until stiff but not dry. 
 Gently fold the  egg  whites into the batter. 
 Pour into a well-greased 10-inch tube pan. 
 Bake in a preheated 325°F oven for about 60 minutes or until the cake tests done. 
 Cool cake in pan for 10 minutes and then turn out on wire rack to cool completely. 
 Slice cake crosswise into 3 layers. 
 Pour about 2 tbsp of  rum  over each layer. 
 Butter-cream filling : 
 Boil  sugar  and  water  to 238°F (soft ball stage). 
 Beat  egg  yolks until very light and fluffy, 5 to 10 minutes. 
 While still beating the  egg  yolks, add the  sugar syrup  in a thin stream. 
 Beat 5 minutes more, until very thick and doubled in bulk. 
 Slowly beat in the  rum . 
 Beat the  butter  in a small bowl until soft and light. 
 Beat  butter  into the  egg  mixture a little at a time. 
 Continue beating until thick. 
 Chill until mixture can be spread. If mixture is too soft, beat in additional  butter . 
 Praline topping : 
 While butter-cream is cooking, spread 2 tbsp  butter  thickly in a 9 x 13-inch baking pan for praline topping. 
 Then in a 1-quart saucepan, boil  sugar  an  water  to 238°F (soft ball stage). 
 Stir in  almonds ; cook until mixture reaches 310°F or until syrup carmelizes. 
 Pour syrup into prepared baking pan. 
 When cool, break up praline and grind it in a blender for a few seconds. 
 Apricot glaze : 
 Finally heat jam and press through a strainer or sieve to make  apricot  glaze. 
 Cake assembly : 
 Place bottom layer of cake on cake plate and spread with half of the butter cream. 
 Repeat with second layer. 
 Place third layer on top. 
 Spread top and sides of cake with  apricot  glaze. 
 Press  praline powder  onto glaze. 
 Any remaining butter cream can be used to decorate the top of the cake. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d4/Crown_cake.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004615']
Categories: Almond Recipes, Apricot preserves and jam Recipes, Cake Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, German Desserts, Lemon peel Recipes, Rum Recipes, Add category