Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Icelandic_Torte

      Icelandic Torte     
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 2 pkg (12-oz)  prunes  — pitted, dried 
 2 cup  water 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 ¾ tsp  cardamom  seed — crushed 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 Torte layers : 
 4 cup  all-purpose flour  — sifted 
 2 tsp  baking powder 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 cup  butter  — softened 
 1 cup  sugar 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 2  eggs 
 ¼ cup  milk 
 To serve : 
 confectioner's sugar 
 whipped cream 
 Directions : 
 Filling : 
 In a 3 quart saucepan, place  prunes  and 2 cups  water ; heat to boiling. 
 Reduce heat, and simmer, covered, 30 minutes, or until  prunes  are very tender. 
 Drain  prunes , reserving liquid. 
 Chop  prunes  finely. 
 Add ¾ cup  granulated sugar , 1 teaspoon  vanilla ; the  cardamom , ¼ teaspoon  salt , and ½ cup reserved cooking liquid; mix until ingredients are well blended. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Torte layers : 
 Sift  flour  with  baking powder  and  salt . 
 In a large bowl, with electric mixer at high speed, beat  butter  with  granulated sugar  and  vanilla  until light and fluffy. 
 Add  eggs , one at a time, beating well after each addition. 
 At low speed, add  flour  mixture alternately with  milk , beginning and ending with  flour  mixture. 
 Refrigerate dough until chilled and easy to handle-about 20 minutes. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Divide dough into 7 equal pieces. 
 For each layer, invert an 8-inch round layer cake pan. 
 Flatten a piece of dough with hands; place on pan; pat to fit. 
 Then gently roll to make layer even; trim edge if necessary. 
 Keep pieces of dough refrigerated until ready to use. 
 Bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until edge is golden brown. 
 Carefully remove to wire rack; let cool. 
 To assemble : 
 Place one layer on serving plate; spread with about ½ cup filling. 
 Repeat with 5 more layers and remaining filling. 
 Set last layer on top. 
 Cover completely with plastic film or foil. 
 Refrigerate at least 24 hours, to mellow. 
 To serve : 
 Sprinkle top with confectioners  sugar . 
 Cut in thin slices. 
 Pass  whipped cream . 
 Return unused portion to refrigerator. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/6d/Icelandic_torte.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004703']
Categories: Cardamom Recipes, Icelandic Desserts, Torte Recipes, Prune Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category