Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Upside-down_Company_Platter

Ingredients : 
 1 medium  eggplant , sliced 
 olive oil 
 2 medium  carrots , peeled and sliced 
 1½ pounds  lamb  (traditional choice)  or   beef  cubed 
 ½ cup finely chopped  onion 
 1 to 2 cloves  garlic  (minced) 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  allspice 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  nutmeg 
 dash of  cinnamon 
 1½ cups + 3 cups  water 
 2 cups  long-grain rice 
 ½ to 1 teaspoon  saffron 
 ¼ to ½ teaspoon  turmeric 
 Garnish : 
 2 fresh  tomatoes  (cut in wedges) 
 2  lemons  (cut in wedges) 
 sprigs of  parsley 
 ¼ cup toasted  almonds 
 Directions : 
 Cover  eggplant  with salt water, and soak for 30 minutes. 
 Drain and pat dry. 
 In a large heavy saucepan or dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons  olive oil , add and fry sliced  eggplant  and  carrots . 
 Remove and set aside. 
 In same  oil , brown  lamb  or  beef , chopped  onion  and  garlic . 
 Add 2 teaspoons  salt , ½ teaspoon  pepper , ¼ teaspoon ground  allspice , ¼ teaspoon ground  nutmeg , dash of  cinnamon  and 1½ cups  water . 
 Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, covered, until meat is tender, about 30 minutes for  lamb , and 45 to 60 minutes for  beef . 
 Meanwhile, in a separate saucepan, boil 3 cups  water . 
 Remove from heat and add  long-grain rice , ½ to 1 teaspoon  saffron  or ¼ to ½ teaspoon  turmeric . 
 Cover and soak for 10 minutes. 
 Drain and set  rice  aside. 
 When meat is tender, drain and reserve broth. 
 Place browned vegetables over meat in saucepan. 
 Arrange  eggplant  and  carrot  slices attractively. 
 Top with soaked  rice , carefully leveling it. 
 Add enough  water  to reserved broth to make 3 cups. 
 Slowly pour over  rice .  Do not stir ! 
 Return to heat, bring to a boil and then simmer, covered, until liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. 
 Turn off heat and let stand, covered, 15 more minutes. 
 Invert saucepan on a large attractive platter, at least 2 to 3 inches in diameter larger than the saucepan. 
 Let stand 10 minutes more while preparing: 2 fresh  tomatoes , cut in wedges, 2  lemons , cut in wedges, and sprigs of  parsley . 
 Carefully remove pan so  rice  does not lose shape of pan. 
 Sprinkle with ¼ cup toasted  almonds . 
 Lay  tomato  and  lemon  wedges and  parsley  sprigs around edges of the platter. 
 Pass a bowl of plain  yogurt  to spoon over top. 
 Squeeze  lemon  over makhlubbi to taste. 
 Serve with pita bread and sliced  cucumbers  in  olive oil  and  vinegar . 
 
 
 
Categories: Jordanian Meat Dishes, Jordanian Appetizers, Lamb Recipes, Beef Recipes, Onion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Almond Recipes, Add category