Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Guvec_or_Turlu

Description : 
 There is some confusion about the name of this dish. To the Turks, Turlu is a  lamb  or  chicken  and vegetable casserole. Yet in other countries of the region Turlu is prepared as an all-vegetable casserole, with cooks admitting to it being a Turkish dish. Guvec on the other hand is a casserole of meat or poultry and vegetables, or vegetables on their own.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 long  eggplants  or 1 medium oval  eggplant 
 salt 
 4 small  zucchini 
 3 small  sweet green peppers 
 250 g  okra  (optional) 
 250 g  green beans 
 4 small  tomatoes , ripe, peeled 
 ½ cup  olive oil 
 3 small  onions ; sliced 
 2  garlic  cloves (crushed) 
 ¼ cup chopped  parsley 
 freshly ground black  pepper 
 ½ cup  water 
 Directions : 
 Remove stem from  eggplant , wash well then peel off 1 cm (½ inch) strips of skin lengthwise at intervals giving a striped effect. 
 Cut long  eggplants  in 1 cm (½ inch) slices; oval  eggplant  should be quartered lengthwise, then cut into chunky pieces. 
 Spread  eggplant  on a tray and sprinkle liberally with  salt . 
 Leave for 30 minutes, then pat dry with paper towels. 
 Trim  zucchini  and cut into 4 cm (1½ inch) pieces. 
 Remove stem and seeds from  peppers  and quarter. 
 Wash, trim and (if desired) de-fuzz  okra . 
 Soak in  vinegar  to remove slime. 
 Drain  string beans  if necessary and slit in half (French cut). 
 Slice  tomatoes . 
 Heat half the  oil  in a frying pan and fry  eggplant  until lightly browned. 
 Remove to a plate - do not drain. 
 Add remaining  oil  to a pan, add sliced  onions  and fry gently until transparent. 
 Stir in  garlic , cook 1 minute, then remove pan from heat. 
 Place a layer of  eggplant  in the base of a casserole dish. 
 Top with some of the  zucchini ,  peppers  and  beans . 
 Spread some  onion  mixture on top and cover with  tomato  slices. 
 Sprinkle with  salt ,  pepper  and some of the  parsley . 
 Repeat until all ingredients are used, reserving some  tomato  slices and  parsley . 
 Place prepared  okra  on top if used and cover with last of  tomato . 
 Sprinkle with  parsley ,  salt  and  pepper  and add  water  and  oil  drained from  eggplant . 
 Cover casserole and cook in a moderate oven for 1 to 1½ hours until vegetables are tender. 
 Serve from casserole as an accompaniment to roast or grilled meats or poultry. 
 Often this is served as a light meal on its own; bread and peynir ( feta )  cheese  are then served with it. 
 
 
 
Categories: Eggplant Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Okra Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Turkish Vegetarian, Zucchini Recipes, Add category