Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Easter_Party_Cake


 
 Description : 
 "This cake is a great holiday treat. Hope that you will enjoy it."
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Prep Time: 30 Minutes 
 Cook Time: 1 Hour 30 Minutes 
 Ready In: 2 Hours 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup  butter 
 ¼ cup  shortening 
 1 cup  white sugar 
 1¾ cups sifted cake  flour 
 2½ teaspoons  baking powder 
 ⅓ cup  milk 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 ½ teaspoon  almond extract 
 5  egg whites , stiffly beaten 
 1 cup  white sugar 
 2 tablespoons  water 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 ⅛ teaspoon  cream of tartar 
 2  egg whites 
 2 drops red  food coloring 
 ½ cup candy-coated  milk chocolate  eggs 
 1 cup flaked  coconut 
 4 drops green  food coloring 
 Directions : 
 cream   butter  or  margarine  and  shortening . 
 Add 1 cup  sugar  gradually, beating until mixture resembles whipped  cream . 
 Sift  flour  and  baking powder  together 3 times; add to creamed mixture alternately with  milk . 
 Stir in 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract  and  almond  extract. 
 Fold in stiffly beaten  egg  whites carefully. 
 Pour batter into two greased 8 inch round pans. 
 Bake for 20 to 30 minutes at 375 °F (190 °C). 
 Cool layers on wire racks. 
 Boiled icing : 
 Place 1 cup  sugar ,  water , ½ teaspoon  vanilla ,  cream of tartar , 2  egg  whites, and red food colouring in top of double boiler. 
 Cook, beating constantly, until frosting is thick and creamy. 
 Frost cake with icing. 
 Make a nest of green  coconut  on top of cake, and fill nest with candy  eggs . 
 Sprinkle a border of  coconut  around base of cake. 
 Makes 15 – 20 servings. 
 Green tinted coconut : 
 Place  coconut  in a large plastic bag, put a few drops of green food color in the bag and shake until desired consistency is achieved. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Cake Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Easter Desserts, Egg white Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Vanilla extract Recipes, World Recipes, Add category