Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lennie%27s_Tarragon_Orange_Salad

This lovely salad has a distinctive flavour due to the  tarragon , which also adds a touch of sweetness along with the  sugar  and the  oranges . It looks terrific in the bowl and tastes even better. This salad is based on one served at the Magic Pan restaurants here in Toronto back in the 1970s; the recipe was published in the local paper ages ago and I modified it a bit to more suit my tastes. The Magic Pan is now gone but its memory lives on with this delicious salad!
 
 Ingredients : 
 Salad dressing : 
 4 tablespoons  sugar 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 1 dash  Tabasco sauce 
 ½ teaspoon  Dijon-style mustard 
 1 teaspoon dried  tarragon 
 2  egg yolks 
 1 dash  black pepper 
 ⅔ cup  tarragon vinegar 
 ¾ cup  canola oil 
 ¾ cup  olive oil 
 Salad : 
 1 head  romaine lettuce , washed and dried 
 2  green onions , sliced 
 ¼ cup  almonds , slivered or flaked, toasted 
 1 (11 ounce) can  mandarin oranges  in juice, drained 
 Directions : 
 Salad dressing : 
 First, make  salad dressing ; you can do this in advance. 
 Combine  sugar ,  tarragon , tabasco,  pepper ,  egg  yolks and  mustard  in food processor. 
 With machine running, gradually add  vinegar . 
 Then, with machine still running, add oils in a thin stream. 
 Process until well blended and creamy; taste and add  salt  if desired. 
 Keep refrigerated. 
 Should be enough dressing to make two or three salads; remember this when looking at nutritional analysis of this recipe. 
 Salad : 
 To make salad, tear cleaned romaine into bite sized pieces; place in large salad bowl along with sliced  green onions . 
 Toast  almonds  (i prefer flaked) and set aside until cool. 
 Drain  oranges  well and place half in with  lettuce  and  onions . 
 Toss well with dressing (about ⅓ of the  salad dressing  recipe, or to your taste). 
 Sprinkle top of salad with remaining  oranges  and the toasted  almonds ; serve. 
 Leftover dressing keeps well in the fridge for about a week. 
 
 
 
Categories: Nigerien Salads, Almond Recipes, Tarragon vinegar Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Mandarin orange Recipes, Prepared mustard Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Romaine lettuce Recipes, Salad dressing Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Add category