Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Yummy_Choco-Honey_Balls_and_Shapes

Description : 
 Kids love  chocolate , but you can’t always let them indulge in it.  carob  powder is a healthy alternative to  cocoa ,  chocolate  and  coffee  because it has high B complex and A vitamins. This recipe uses  carob  powder instead of  chocolate , and the end result tastes just as good!
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  carob  powder 
 1 cup  water 
 ¼ cup  honey 
 ¼ crunchy  peanut butter 
 1 cup  wheat germ 
 1½ cups  rolled oats 
 4 tablespoons dry  milk  powder 
 ⅔ cup unsweetened  coconut , shredded 
 ½ teaspoon grated  orange  rind 
 Directions : 
 Mix the  carob  powder and  water  in a saucepan. Let it boil over low heat while stirring continuously. 
 When the mixture starts boiling, add in the  honey  and  Peanut butter . 
 Continue stirring, and cook until the mixture thickens slightly. 
 Turn off the heat and then let the mixture cool. 
 In the meantime, put the  wheat germ ,  Oats ,  milk  powder,  coconut  and grated  orange  rind in a bowl and mix them all together. 
 Pour enough  honey  and  carob  mixture in the bowl and mix until you get a dough-like mixture. 
 If there’s any  honey  and  carob  syrup left, put it in the fridge. 
 You can use it in  milk  shakes or as icing on brownies. 
 Here’s where you can let your kids participate -- 
 Take about a spoonful of your dough and make a small ball by rolling it between your palms. 
 You can also flatten the dough (1/2-inch thick) and use assorted cookie cutters to make different shapes. 
 If you don’t have a cookie cutter, let your kids draw basic shapes on a sturdy board. 
 Cut out the shapes they make and trace it on wax paper or aluminum foil. 
 Then cut out the wax paper or aluminum foil and gently place it on top of the rolled out dough. 
 Using a bread knife, cut around the improvised shape. 
 When you’re done making balls or cutting out shapes out of the dough, place them on a flat tray and refrigerate for an hour or so. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/80/Kidshoney.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20050430072558']
Categories: Carob Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Healthy Snacks, Honey Recipes, Kid-friendly Recipes, Molded Cookies, Oats Recipes, Add category