Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ghana_Meatball_Stew


 
 Description : 
 Ghanaian Ghana African American Hot
 
 Ingredients : 
 MEATBALL
 
 2 lb Ground  Beef 
 1tsp	Tenderizer 
 1tsp	 lemon juice 
 1lrg	 egg , Slightly Beaten 
 1cup	 onions , Finely Chopped 
 1tsp	 salt 
 1tsp	Black or  cayenne pepper 
 1dsh	 garlic powder 
 1tsp	Ground  nutmeg 
 1/2tbl  all-purpose flour 
 1/2cup Cooking  oil 
 GRAVY
 
 1med  Onion , Sliced 
 1cup  tomato  Sauce 
 1med	 tomato , Peeled and Sliced 
 1Green  pepper , Sliced 
 
 
 Directions : 
 In a large mixing bowl combine ground  Beef  with tenderizer,  lemon juice ,  egg ,  onions ,  salt , choice of  pepper ,  garlic , and  nutmeg . Cover and let stand for 30 minutes to set and permit seasonings to mingle. Form about a dozen tablespoon-size balls of the seasoned  Beef . Spread  flour  on a plate and roll each ball in  flour  to coat.
 Meanwhile, heat  oil  in a large skillet over medium heat. When  oil  is ready a toothpick or bread crumb dropped into the skillet will quickly sizzle and begin to brown. Brown all sides of meatballs evenly while using a metal spoon for turning. When meat is finished  browning , remove from the skillet with a slotted metal spoon. Place on paper towel to remove excess  oil  and reserve both meatballs and cooking  oil .
 To prepare gravy return remaining cooking  oil  to a large, clean skillet and brown all remaining  flour . Add  onions ,  tomato  sauce, sliced  tomato , and  green pepper . Cook for 10-minutes over medium heat. Slowly stir in  water  and thoroughly combine sauce mixture. Add reserved browned meat balls, cover and reduce heat to a simmer. Continue to simmer for approximately 30-minutes, stirring occasionally until gravy is well blended throughout the meatball mixture. Serve hot over  rice . Stew goes well with  sweet potatoes ,  yams  or  pineapple  slices.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Ghanaian Recipes, Ghanaian Meat Dishes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Add category