Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Artichoke_and_Celery_Root_Soup


 
 Ingredients : 
 Spiced almonds : 
 1  egg white 
 ½ cup  sliced almonds 
 ¼ tsp ground  cumin 
 ¼ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ¼ tsp  paprika 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 Artichoke soup : 
 4 large  globe artichokes , 8 to 10 oz. each or enough smaller ones to equal about 3 lb. 
 1 medium-sized  celery root , about 1 lb. 
 4 Tbsp  unsalted butter 
 1 large  onion , chopped 
 3 cups  vegetable stock 
 2 cups  heavy cream 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Spiced almonds : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Place  egg  white in a bowl, and beat until frothy. 
 Add remaining ingredients, and stir until  almonds  are coated. 
 Spread out evenly over bottom of a baking dish. 
 Toast, stirring often, until  almonds  are lightly browned, for 15 to 20 minutes. 
 Cool completely before using. 
 Artichoke soup : 
 Remove stems, and snap off all outer leaves from artichokes. 
 Pull out cone of tender inner leaves, and scrape away central choke. 
 Trim away any dark green bits from bottoms. 
 Put artichokes into  acidulated water  to prevent discoloration. 
 Cut trimmed  artichoke  hearts into thick slices. 
 Trim, peel and halve  celery root , and cut halves into thick slices. 
 Melt  butter  in a large saucepan over medium-high heat. 
 Add  onion  and cook, stirring often, until softened, for 3 to 5 minutes. 
 Add artichokes and  celery root , and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, for about 3 minutes. 
 Pour in  vegetable stock , increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to low, and cover. 
 Cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. 
 Remove from heat, and cool slightly. 
 Put vegetables into a food processor, and, working in batches, pur8ee until smooth. 
 Return to pan, and pour in  cream . 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper , and warm over low heat, taking care not to boil. 
 Ladle soup into warmed bowls, and garnish with spiced  almonds  before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Soup Recipes, Artichoke Soup Recipes, Celeriac Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Almond Recipes, Add category