Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Catfish_Paul

A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 U.S. Farm-Raised  Catfish  fillets 
 white wine  or  water  for blanching 
 2 teaspoons  vegetable oil 
 1/2 cup chopped  celery 
 1/2 cup chopped  yellow onion 
 2 tablespoons chopped  jalapeño pepper 
 2 tablespoons minced  garlic 
 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning 
 1 cup  Marsala  wine 
 1/2 cup  heavy cream 
 1/2 cup bread crumbs 
 1/2 cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 3 17 1/4-ounce packages frozen  puff pastry , thawed (see Note) 
 1  egg , beaten 
 1 cup  butter 
 1/2 bunch fresh  basil , chopped 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper 
 
 
 Directions : 
 1. Heat a skillet half full of wine or  water  over medium heat until simmering. Add  Catfish  fillets to skillet, two at a time, and blanch for 2 minutes. Carefully lift fillets with a slotted spatula and place in a pan large enough to hold them in a single layer. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to cool. 
 2. Heat  oil  in a large skillet over medium heat. Add  celery ,  Onion , jalapeño  pepper  and  garlic  and sauté until  Onion  is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add Cajun seasoning and cook for 2 minutes. Pour  Marsala  wine into pan and simmer for 3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup of the  cream  and cook for 3 minutes. Add bread crumbs and  Cheese  and cook until thickened. Refrigerate for 20 minutes to cool. 
 3. Preheat the oven 350 °F. 
 4. On a lightly floured surface, unfold one of the  puff pastry  sheets. Cut the square of pastry in half to form two rectangles. Place a fillet in the center of one of the pastry rectangles and spread 4 tablespoons of the vegetable mixture over the fillet. Brush pastry around fillet with beaten  egg  and place the other rectangle of pastry on top to cover the fillet, pressing sheets of pastry together firmly around the fillet. Brush top sheet of pastry with  egg . Using a small, sharp knife, trim excess pastry away from fillet into the shape of a . Score a scale pattern lightly onto pastry with tip of knife if desired. Place on a baking sheet. Repeat with remaining fillets and sheets of pastry. 
 5. Bake  Catfish  pastries for about 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown and crisp. 
 6. While  Catfish  pastries are cooking, prepare the sauce. Place  butter , remaining 1/4 cup  cream  and the  basil  in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. Spoon some sauce onto each serving plate and top with the  Catfish  pastries. 
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Baked catfish Recipes, Basil Recipes, Catfish Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Fish Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Marsala Recipes, Add category