Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cream_of_Brussels_Sprouts_Soup

Description : 
 A nice creamy sprout soup straight from Brussels. Requires average cooking skills and the result will make up for any bother you might have making it !
 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ pound small  Brussels sprouts 
 salt  to taste 
 3 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 1  leek , white and light green parts only, rinsed well and thinly sliced,  or  1 medium  onion , thinly sliced 
 1 rib  celery  sliced 
 freshly ground  white pepper  to taste 
 pinch of freshly grated  nutmeg 
 1 large baking  potato , peeled and cubed 
 8 cups  beef broth , preferably homemade 
 3 cups  water 
 1 cup  milk 
 ½ cup heavy (or whipping)  cream 
 2 large  egg yolks 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the  Brussels sprouts : remove any damaged outer leaves and trim the base. 
 Remove 6 sprouts and cook them in plenty of boiling salted  water  for 10 minutes. 
 Plunge the sprouts into cold  water  to stop them from cooking, drain, and reserve for garnish. 
 Melt the  butter  in a large soup pot over medium heat. 
 Add the remaining sprouts, the  leek , and  celery ; cook, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, 5 to 7 minutes. 
 Season with  salt ,  pepper , and  nutmeg . 
 Add the  potato  and pour in the stock,  water , and  milk . 
 Simmer the soup, uncovered, until the  Brussels sprouts  are very tender, about 45 minutes. 
 Let the soup cool slightly and puree in batches in a blender or food processor. 
 Return the puree to the soup pot and bring to a quick boil. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 In a small bowl, mix together the  cream  and  egg   yolks . 
 Mix in a ladleful of the hot soup and stir the  egg  mixture into the soup. 
 Taste and adjust the seasoning. 
 If the soup seems too thick, add a little more  milk . 
 Quarter the reserved  Brussels sprouts  lengthwise and reheat them gently in the soup. 
 Do not let the soup boil or it will curdle. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Belgian Soups, Brussels sprout Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Leek Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category