Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Halabi_Kebab

Description : 
 Yemenite meat loaf. Zhoug is a source of pride among the Yemenite population. Made with the sharpest of  chile peppers , it is eaten with classically oriental Jewish meals. More than just a condiment, it is a tradition. Yemenites believe that daily consumption of zhoug wards off disease and strengthens the heart. It can be an addition to salad, and a sauce for various kinds of meat, and poultry dishes.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2½ lbs  ground beef 
 3 tbsp  flour 
 1 tbsp  oil 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  pepper 
 1 tbsp  zhoug 
 3 tbsp  oil 
 1 cup finely chopped  onions 
 1 cup sliced  mushrooms 
 1 cup chopped  parsley 
 3  eggs 
 Zhoug : 
 small green  chile peppers 
 1 cup chopped  parsley 
 1 cup chopped  fresh coriander 
 1½ tbsp fresh minced  garlic 
 1 tsp  pepper 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp ground  cumin 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 Combine ground  beef  with  flour , 1 tbsp  oil ,  salt ,  pepper  and zhoug. 
 Form the meat mixture into a 10-inch loaf. 
 Make a well the entire length of the loaf. 
 Heat 3 tbsp of  oil  in a skillet. 
 Saute together the  onions ,  mushrooms  and  parsley  until the  onions  are golden. 
 Place the mixture in the well of the loaf. 
 Lightly beat the  eggs  and pour over the vegetables. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Pat the sides of the loaf together to close up the well, and wrap in aluminum foil. 
 Bake for 30 minutes. 
 The loaf may be served either hot or cold. 
 Zhoug : 
 In a blender, puree enough  chile peppers  to measure 1 cup. 
 Puree  parsley  and coriander together and blend well with the  chile peppers . 
 Add  garlic , seasonings and  olive oil . 
 Again, blend well. 
 Put the zhoug in a jar and keep it in the refrigerator. 
 It will remain fresh for many months. 
 
 
 
Categories: Yemeni Meat Dishes, Meatloaf Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Onion Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Egg Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category