Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Salsa

Contents 
 
 1   About salsa 
 2   Types of salsa 
 3   Salsa Recipes 
 4   Video Gallery 
 
 
 About salsa : 
 In American English, it usually refers to the spicy, often tomato-based, hot sauces typical of Hispanic cuisine, particularly those used as dips. In British English, the word typically refers to "salsa cruda", which is common in Mexican, Spanish, and Italian cuisine. Salso is also called "picante sauce".
 
 Types of salsa : 
 Mexican salsas were traditionally produced using the  mortar and pestle -like  molcajete , although blenders are now more commonly used. Well-known  salsas  include:
 
 Salsa roja , "red sauce": used as a  condiment  in Mexican and Southwestern cuisine, and usually made with cooked  tomatoes ,  chili peppers ,  onion ,  garlic , and fresh  cilantro . 
 Salsa cruda  ("raw sauce"), also known as  pico de gallo  ("rooster's beak"),  salsa picada  ("chopped sauce"),  salsa mexicana  ("Mexican sauce"), or  salsa fresca  ("fresh sauce"), "salsa bandera" ("flag sauce", in allusion to the Mexican flag): made with raw tomatoes, lime juice, chilli peppers, onions, cilantro leaves, and other coarsely chopped raw ingredients. 
 Salsa verde , "green sauce": Mexican version made with  tomatillos . Sauces made with tomatillos are usually cooked. Italian version made with herbs. 
 Salsa negra , "black sauce": a Mexican sauce made from dried chilis, oil, and garlic. 
 Salsa taquera , " Taco  sauce": Made with  tomatillos  and  morita chili . 
 Salsa ranchera , "ranch-style sauce": made with  tomatoes , various chilies, and spices. Typically served warm, it possesses a thick,  soupy  quality. Though it contains none, it imparts a characteristic flavor reminiscent of  black pepper . 
 Salsa brava , "wild sauce": a mildly spicy sauce, often flavored with  paprika . On top of  potato  wedges, it makes the dish  patatas bravas , typical of  tapas  bars in  Spain . 
 Guacamole : thicker than a sauce and generally used as a dip, it refers to any sauce where the main ingredient is  avocado . 
 Mole : a Mexican sauce made from  chili peppers  mixed with spices, unsweetened  chocolate ,  almonds , and other ingredients. 
 Mango Salsa : a spicy-sweet sauce made from mangoes and used as a topping for nachos. It is often also used as a garnish on grilled chicken or grilled fish due to the sauce's gamut of complementary flavors. 
 Salsa Recipes : 
 Video Gallery : 
 File:Classic Restaurant-Style Tomato Salsa in Minutes 
 
 
 
Categories: Sauces, Spanish Food Glossary, Add category