Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Asian_BBQ

      Asian BBQ     
 Description : 
 Have your butcher freeze the meat slightly to get the right thickness. Be sure to use the highest setting your grill or keep the charcoal at a high temperature. Some fat is okay.
 This recipe is for 50 servings.
Preparing time: 51 hours.
 
 Ingredients : 
 10 lbs lean  beef  tip roast or  venison , hind quarter (sliced like thin bologna) 
 1¼ cups  salt 
 3 cups  onions 
 1½ inches fresh  ginger 
 1 clove  garlic , soaked in warm  water  for at least 1 hour 
 3½ – 4 lbs  white sugar 
 8 – 10 cups  soy sauce , to taste 
 ¾ cup  sesame oil 
 2 cups  rice wine 
 1 (2 liter) bottle regular Pepsi® cola or Coke® 
 1 bunch  scallions , cut into ⅛ inch pieces 
 Directions : 
 Thaw meat if it is still slightly frozen. 
 Place in a large stainless steel bowl. 
 Sprinkle with  salt . 
 Let set for 30 minutes. 
 Drain.  Do not squeeze . 
 Clean  onion ,  ginger  and  garlic . 
 garlic  should"slip" right out of its skin if soaked long enough. 
 Process in food processor until thoroughly minced. 
 Sprinkle  sugar  on drained meat. 
 Mix with your hands until  sugar  is melted. 
 Gradually stir in  onion / garlic / ginger  mixture. 
 Mix in until dispersed throughout meat. 
 Pour  soy sauce ,  sesame oil , and  rice wine  over meat. 
 Stir. 
 Let set for about 30 minutes. 
 You may need to add more  soy sauce  if meat is not easily turned in marinade. 
 Pour ½ to ¾ bottle pepsi or coke over meat. 
 Stir. 
 Sprinkle scallions over meat and stir. 
 Invert a ceramic plate and place over meat. 
 Cover meat and plate with plastic wrap and weigh it down with a quart jar full of  water . 
 Place in refrigerator overnight. 
 If using a gas grill, start and place on highest setting. 
 If using charcoal, allow charcoal to become white before using. 
 Add a few briquettes as you go along to keep the fire hot. 
 Pour meat into a colander allow to drain for several minutes. 
 Replace meat to bowl. 
 You will have some marinade left over. 
 Place single layer meat on grill for abut 45 seconds per side. 
 It will blacken on the tips, but do not allow to blacken in the middle. 
 The pieces should glisten. 
 Place in an electric roaster set at low until finished. 
 Drizzle some of the marinade over done pieces so they do not dry out. 
 Serve with  rice  or mashed  potatoes . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/50/Asian_BBQ.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20060221185213']
Categories: North Korean Meat Dishes, Barbecue Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Rice wine Recipes, Onion Recipes, Beef Recipes, Venison Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Add category