Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Catfish_Fillet_Sandwiches_with_Red_%22Firecracker%22_Sauce


 
 Description : 
 A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Catfish : 
 4 x 4- to 5- ounce U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets, frozen 
 1 teaspoon dried  oregano 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 4 teaspoons  olive oil 
 Red Firecracker Sauce : 
 2 tablespoons  lime  or  lemon juice 
 2 teaspoons  Dijon mustard 
 1½ teaspoons  chili powder 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 ⅛ teaspoon  garlic powder 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 Serving : 
 4 soft sandwich rolls 
 lettuce  leaves,  alfalfa sprouts , or  coleslaw 
 8 slices ripe  avocado 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 4 thin slices  red onion 
 4 teaspoons  sour cream  or plain  yogurt 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 425°F. 
 To prepare the  catfish , place the frozen  catfish  fillets in a baking pan large enough to hold them in a single layer. 
 Sprinkle with  oregano  and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Drizzle the fillets with  olive oil . 
 Bake about 12 minutes or until flakes easily when tested with a fork. 
 Cool. 
 Cover and refrigerate while preparing the sauce. 
 The  catfish  can be prepared up to 1 day in advance and refrigerated. 
 To prepare the red firecracker sauce, place  lime  or  lemon juice  and  mustard  in a non-corrosive medium bowl. 
 Using a wire whisk, mix until smooth. 
 Whisk in  chili powder ,  cumin ,  cayenne pepper  and  garlic powder . 
 Gradually whisk in  olive oil  until it forms a smooth, slightly thickened sauce. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Cover and set aside. 
 The sauce can be prepared up to 3 days in advance (if the sauce separates, whisk until blended) 
 Cut the cooked fillets in half and coat each piece with some of the sauce. 
 Spread a little of the sauce on the bottom of each roll and cover them with  lettuce  leaves or sprouts or coleslaw. 
 Place two pieces of the dressed fillets on top of the greens on each roll. 
 Place  avocado  slices on top and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Place  red onion  slices on top of the  avocado  and add a small dollop of  sour cream  or  yogurt . 
 Top with other half of the roll. 
 Cut sandwiches in half and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Alfalfa sprout Recipes, Avocado Recipes, Baked catfish Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Sandwich Recipes, Add category