Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Brawn

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Serving 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Meat or  Offal , frequently pickled, cooked, to a soft consistency, covered with aspic (or jelly) and left to cool and press in a mold under a heavy weight. Usually turned out, upside down, before serving.
 
 Ingredients : 
 about 2.5 kg leg of  pork  or  veal  with bones and skin 
 1  carrot  (chopped) 
 1  yellow onion  with skin (chopped) 
 8  peppercorns 
 6 kernels of  allspice 
 1  bay leaf 
 salt  (according to you taste) 
 Directions : 
 Wash the meat and put in a saucepan full of cold  water . 
 Bring to the boil and boil it for 1-2 minutes 3. 
 Now pour away the  water , rinse the meat again. 
 Pour clean boiling  water  over the meat and cook gently over a low heat without covering it until meat comes off the bones (3 - 4 hrs). 
 Skim the fat as it rises to the surface. 
 Add the  carrot  and  onion  after an hour or two of cooking. 
 Add the spices and 2-3 tsp of  salt  for the last 10 minutes. 
 Remove the meat, cool, and cut into small pieces. 
 Strain the broth, place the meat and broth in the pot, and add more  salt  (if needed), again give a boil and it is ready. 
 Serving : 
 Now put them in small serving bowls and cover the set brawn with clingfilm or foil and leave in a cool place. 
 It should be eaten within 5 - 7 days. 
 If there is not enough gluten in the meat, the brawn will not set. 
 In that case add a few tablespoonfuls of  gelatine  powder to the cooled off brawn broth in a bowl and dissolve by placing the bowl in saucepan of hot  water . 
 Do not freeze the brawn, this will damage the jelly. 
 Brawn can be equally well served on a dinner table with hot  potatoes , and in a cold buffet. 
 In both cases, either  mustard , mild  vinegar  or pickled horseradish is used for seasoning. 
 
 
 
Categories: Estonian Meat Dishes, Gelatin Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Pork leg Recipes, Potato Recipes, Veal leg Recipes, Add category