Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Orzo_and_portabello_mushrooms

Description : 
 Yum! (I was bad and garnished this with toasted  pine nuts  and it was great, but i am eating nutless leftovers now and it is still really good). Sorry my recipes are always so rambling.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2  portobello mushrooms 
 1 cup (before cooking)  orzo 
 4 oz approx.  sun-dried tomatoes 
 4 cloves minced  garlic  (or to taste) 
 2 tbsp  capers  (or to taste) 
 ½ tsp each of  thyme ,  marjoram , and  oregano 
 1 cup  white wine 
 1 each  salt  and  crushed red pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 You can make this in under 30 minutes if you do it all at once. 
 So put the  water  on to boil for the  orzo , and put the sun-dried  tomatoes  in a bowl with about a cup of  water  to reconstitute (rinse them off first as you will use the soaking  water  later). 
 Wash the portobellos and cut off the stems. 
 Put caps in a dish and sprinkle with the three herbs, then pour the cup of wine over them to marinate. 
 Coarsely chop the  mushroom  stems, mince the  garlic . 
 In a nonstick pan, sauté the  garlic  and  mushroom  stems in a little  tomato   water  or wine. 
 Drain  tomatoes , reserving the liquid, and chop coarsely (it is okay if they are not fully softened at this point) and sauté. 
 The  water  should be boiling now so put the  orzo  on to cook. 
 Scoot the  tomato / garlic /chopped  mushroom  mixture to the edges of the pan and place  mushroom  caps in the middle. 
 Pour the  tomato   water  over them, cover, and simmer until the  mushrooms  are finished, about 12 minutes (same time as it takes the  orzo  to cook--hey!). 
 Remove the  mushroom  caps to a plate (to two plates I mean) and pour the leftover marinating wine into the pan, and add  capers . 
 Cook and stir until reduced. 
 Drain  orzo  and toss with the mixture, and serve with the  mushroom  caps. 
 
 
 
Categories: Better Digestion Recipes, Caper Recipes, Orzo Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Portobello mushroom Recipes, Sun-dried tomato Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category