Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggplant_Caponata

Description : 
 Italian Style  Eggplant  Appetizer. Very versatile. It's equally good served warm or at room temperature with crusty  Italian bread , as well as hot over  Pasta  or chilled as a salad.
 
 Ingredients : 
 olive oil 
 2 	large  Eggplants  or 4 small  Eggplants , small dice 
 1 	large red pepper, small dice 
 1 	medium  green pepper , small dice 
 2 	medium  red onions , small dice 
 3 	tablespoons  garlic , chopped 
 4 	tablespoons  capers , divided (2 Tablespoos chopped, 2 Tablespoons whole) 
 6 	anchovy fillets, minced (optional) 
 1 	cup balsamic vinaigrette  salad dressing 
 3/4 	cup  brown sugar 
 3/4 	cup  tomato  puree 
 1 	bunch  basil , chiffonade (means finely chopped) 
 2 	tablespoons  oregano , chopped 
 salt  and  pepper 
 1/2 	cup  red wine vinegar 
 1 	cup pitted  green olives  (Usually come in a jar stuffed with pimentos) 
 Directions : 
 Heat about 1/4 inch of  oil  in a large saute pan (as the  Eggplant  will soak it up). 
 Brown the  Eggplant  in the  oil  in small batches. 
 Set aside in a stainless steel bowl. 
 NOTE: the  Eggplant  is usually cooked with the skin on it adds color to the dish, however if you find the skin to be particularly tough or stringy you can peel the  Eggplant  and cook it skinned. 
 Heat more  oil . 
 Saute  peppers  until soft. 
 Add sauteed  peppers  to bowl with the  Eggplant . 
 Cook  onions  and  garlic  until  onions  are tender. 
 Add  brown sugar  and  vinegar  and cook 2 minutes more. 
 Add  tomato  puree and  green olives  and cook until you have a thick, brown sweet-and-sour sauce. 
 Pour sauce over  Eggplant  and  peppers  and toss to coat. 
 Add  capers ,  Anchovies  and herbs, and mix well. 
 Adjust seasonings to taste. 
 Serve warm or at room temperature with slices of crusty  Italian bread . 
 Also excellent served hot on top of  Pasta  or chilled and served as a salad. 
 
 
 
Categories: Eggplant Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Italian Appetizers, Recipes that need photos, Salad Recipes, Sauce Recipes, Vegetarian appetizer Recipes, Add category