Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tofu_Cutlets_with_Pineapple_Ginger_Glaze

Ingredients : 
 Cutlets : 
 1 lb  extra-firm tofu 
 ⅓ cup  cilantro , chopped 
 1 tablespoon  jalapeno , seeded and minced 
 1 tablespoon  ginger , grated 
 ½ teaspoon  herb salt 
 ½ cup  pecans 
 2 tablespoon  olive oil 
 Pineapple ginger glaze : 
 1 medium  pineapple 
 1 tablespoon  ginger , grated 
 1½ tablespoon  olive oil 
 3 tablespoon  apricot jam 
 3 tablespoon  lime juice 
 1  salt 
 1  cayenne 
 3 tablespoon  currants 
 Rice : 
 1¼ cup  rice 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 salt  and  pepper 
 2 tablespoon  cilantro 
 Directions : 
 Roughly break tofu and squeeze out excess moisture. 
 Place tofu with the next 4 ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. 
 Shape into 24 crack-free cutlets and place on a try. 
 Sprinkle with pecans and press firmly into place. 
 Warm 2 non-stick skillets over medium heat and warm ½ tbsp oil in each pan. 
 Place 12 cutlets in each pan and cook for 5 minutes on each side, they should be lightly browned. 
 Add remaining oil as necessary. 
 Keep warm in a 250°F oven. 
 Pineapple ginger glaze : 
 Peel and core pineapple and put enough pineapple through a juice extractor to extract 1½ cups. 
 Cut remaining fruit into ¼" dice, you should have about 1 cup. 
 Combine pineapple juice with ginger in a frying pan and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce juice by half. 
 Remove from heat and whisk in oil, jam and lime juice. 
 Season with salt and cayenne add currants and remaining pineapple and keep warm. 
 Rice : 
 Bring 6 cups water to a boil and stir in rice. 
 Boil for 10 minutes. 
 Drain and rinse under hot water. 
 Add rest of ingredients. 
 To assemble : 
 Place rice on one half of a warmed platter. 
 Place 4 cutlets, pecan side up on the other half and spoon glaze over the cutlets. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegan Recipes, Extra-firm tofu Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Apricot preserves and jam Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Currant Recipes, Rice Recipes, Add category