Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_Vindaloo


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lb  Beef  chuck cut into 1" cubes 
 14 c  garlic 
 1/2 c  red wine vinegar  4 sm Hot Red Chiles 
 1/4 ts  cumin  seeds 
 3/4 ts Tumeric 
 1 t Dry English  mustard 
 1  lemon 
 1 1/4 ts -  salt 
 1/4 ts  ginger 
 2  bay leaves 
 5 Cloves—whole 
 3 tb  poppy seeds 
 1 sm  Onion 
 1/2 c  tomato  paste 
 Clarified  butter 
 -  salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1/4 c  Sugar 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Place the  garlic  and  vinegar  into a blender and mix to a smooth paste. 
 Remove the tops and bottoms of the chiles and remove the seeds. 
 Add the  peppers  to the blended paste. 
 Put  cumin  seeds, tumeric,  mustard ,  ginger ,  salt  and  Sugar  into a small bowl and mix together. 
 Pour this mixture into the blender. Remove the peel from the  lemon , squeeze the juice, discard the pips and chop the inner pulp. 
 Add the juice and the pulp to the blender, then blend thouroughly. 
 Place the  Beef  into a bowl and pour the blended mixture over it. Stir in the  poppy seeds  and marinate for two hours. After meat is marinated, finely slice the  Onion . 
 Pour some clarified  butter  a skillet over med. heat, and add the  onions . Cook until opaque. 
 Add the  bay leaves  and cloves. With a slotted spoon, lift the meat from the marinade and add to the frying  onions ,increasing the heat so that the meat is sealed quickly. 
 When the meat is sealed all over, add the marinade. 
 Cover tightly, reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour. 
 After the meat has cooked for 1 hour, add the  tomato  paste, stirring it thoroughly into the meat mixture, and cook for another 30 minutes. 
 When the meat is tender, serve at once - piping hot. 
 This is very hot! Nice served with plain boiled or steamed long  grain   rice . 
 For a nice cooling touch you might serve with a  lime  cordial. 
 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Cereals Recipes, Lime Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Poppy seed Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Rice Recipes, World Recipes, Add category