Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Long-stewed_Claypot_Pork_Belly

Description : 
 serves 4 to 6
 
 Ingredients : 
 15 large dried  Chinese mushrooms 
 4-6 sticks of dried  bean curd 
 2½ pounds  pork belly  or  beef brisket 
 2 tbsp  peanut oil 
 6½-inch thick  ginger  slices (young fragrant  ginger  preferred) 
 5  garlic  cloves peeled and crushed 
 ¼ cup  bamboo shoots  sliced ¼-inch thick 
 10 fresh or canned  water chestnuts , or 8  arrowroot 
 4 tbsp bean sauce (whole bean preferred but crushed is fine too) 
 4 tbsp  oyster sauce 
 3 tbsp  sugar 
 2 slices each of  lemon  and  orange peel 
 3 tbsp  rice wine  or dry  sherry 
 5 tbsp  soy sauce  (if you've got light and dark sauces, make it 2 of the former and 3 of the latter) 
 optional: a bunch of Chinese greens 
 Directions : 
 Soak  mushrooms  in warm  water  until soft, about 20 minutes. 
 Squeeze out the excess  water  and discard woody stems. 
 Strain  mushroom   water  into a measuring cup and add plain  water  to equal 4 cups. 
 Soak  bean curd  sticks in hot  water  until soft, then drain and set aside. 
 Cut  pork  belly or  beef  brisket into bite-size chunks, then blanch for 20 minutes in boiling  water , then drain and set aside. 
 Heat cooking vessel and add  peanut oil ,  ginger , and  garlic , and stir-fry for 30 seconds. 
 Add  bamboo shoots ,  water   chestnuts  (or  arrowroot ),  mushrooms , citrus peels, and  bean curd  sticks. 
 Stir-fry for a minute. 
 Add the rest of the ingredients and bring to a boil. 
 Add blanched meat, bring back to a boil, and then simmer at least 1½ hours, partially covered, until meat is very tender (skim surface occasionally for excess fat, if you wish) if using greens, lay them on top of the stew, bring it to a steady simmer, and replace the cover. 
 Steam the greens till tender, and then serve them on the side (or serve the stew ladled over a bed of greens). 
 
 
 
Categories: Arrowroot Recipes, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Beef brisket Recipes, Bhutani Appetizers, Orange peel Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Pork belly Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice wine Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Add category