Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Antigoni%27s_Cypriot_Chicken


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1  Chicken , around 1.4 kg 
 2 tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 large buffalo  tomato , sliced into 8 pieces 
 1 large  Onion , sliced into rings 
 sea salt , and freshly ground  pepper 
 1½ heaped tsp dried  oregano 
 1½ heaped tsp ground  cinnamon 
 village salad, (chopped fresh coriander,  parsley , Greek rocket and  tomatoes , dressed with  lemon juice ,  olive oil  and  salt ), to serve 
 For the  cumin   potatoes :
 
 5-6 medium to large Cypriot  potatoes , peeled and halved 
 1 large  Onion , thinly sliced into rings 
 1½ tsp ground  cumin 
 1½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 2 tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 sea salt , and freshly ground  pepper 
 400g canned  tomatoes , drained 
 100ml  water 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat the oven to 180 °C/gas 4.
 2. Place the  Chicken  in a roasting tray and rub with 1 tablespoon of  olive oil .
 3. Place  tomato  slices on the  Chicken  breast and legs and surround the  Chicken  with  Onion  rings.
 4. Season the  Chicken  with  sea salt , freshly ground  pepper ,  oregano  and  cinnamon .
 5. Drizzle the remaining  olive oil  over the  Chicken .
 6. Roast the  Chicken  in then oven for 1½ hours or until the  Chicken 's juices run clear and the  Chicken  is cooked through.
 7. Meanwhile, cook the  cumin   potatoes . Place the  potatoes  in a roasting tray and mix in the  Onion  rings.
 8. Sprinkle over the  cumin  and  cinnamon  and season with  salt  and freshly ground  pepper .
 9. Drizzle over the  olive oil , mixing well.
 10. Crush the  tomatoes  by hand and layer over the  potatoes . Pour over the  water .
 11. Cover with kitchen foil and bake in the oven with the  Chicken  for 45 minutes. Remove the foil and bake uncovered for 30 minutes, until cooked through.
 12. Serve the roast  Chicken  with the  cumin   potatoes  and village salad.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Cypriot Meat Dishes, Cypriot Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category