Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_with_Black_Mushrooms

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Original recipe 
 Yield: 4 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 10  Chinese black mushrooms 
 ½ pound  flank steak 
 4 teaspoons  cornstarch 
 1  egg white , lightly beaten 
 ½ cup + 2 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 1 teaspoon  ginger  root, crushed 
 1 teaspoon fresh  garlic , crushed 
 1 cup  bamboo shoots , drained, rinsed and cubed 
 1 teaspoon cooking  wine 
 1 teaspoon  dark soy sauce 
 ½ cup  chicken stock 
 salt  and  pepper , to taste 
 1  scallion , shredded 
 Directions : 
 Place mushrooms in bowl; cover with 1 cup warm water, and soak for 10 minutes. 
 Drain, discard tough stems and quarter the caps. 
 Set aside. 
 Trim all fat from meat, and slice in thin strips across the grain of the meat. 
 Place in bowl. 
 Mix 2 teaspoons cornstarch with 4 teaspoons cold water; add to meat. 
 Add egg white and stir to coat meat. 
 Set aside. 
 Mix remaining 2 teaspoons cornstarch with 4 teaspoons cold water; reserve. 
 Heat a wok over high heat for 30 seconds. 
 Add ½ cup oil and swirl around wok. 
 Add ½ teaspoon each ginger and garlic and the beef mix; stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Remove from wok, draining oil. 
 Put 2 tablespoons oil in wok and heat. 
 Stir-fry remaining ½ teaspoon garlic and ginger until brown. 
 Add reserved beef mix, bamboo shoots, mushrooms and wine. 
 Stir-fry over high heat for 1 minute. 
 Add soy sauce, chicken stock, salt and pepper. 
 Thicken with reserved cornstarch mix, stirring gently. 
 Pour into serving dish, and garnish with shredded scallion. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 195 Cal (59% from Fat, 34% from Protein, 7% from Carb) | 17g Protein | 13g Tot Fat | 3g Carb | 0g Fiber | 8mg Calcium | 2mg Iron | 145 mg Sodium | 38 mg Cholesterol 
 
 
 
Categories: Bamboo shoot Recipes, Beef flank Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Wine Recipes, Add category