Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/High-summer_pudding

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1/4 cup  cranberry  or cran- raspberry 
 -juice cocktail 
 2 1/2 tbsp  blackberry   brandy  or  kirsch 
 -( cherry brandy ) 
 or  orange juice 
 1 envelope plus 1 ½ tsp 
 - unflavored gelatin 
 1 lbs red or black plums, pitted 
 -and chopped (5-6 medium) 
 1 cup  Sugar 
 1 1/4 lbs fresh  peaches , peeled 
 -pitted and chopped (4-5 
 -medium) 
 2 1/2 cup fresh  blackberries  or black 
 -or red  raspberries 
 1 tbsp finely grated  lemon  zest 
 1/8 tsp  cinnamon 
 15 slice thin-sliced homemade-style 
 -white bread (such as 
 Directions : 
 Pepperidge farm), crusts removed line a 2-quart bowl or mold with plastic wrap, carefully smoothing the wrap onto the bottom and sides so that the plastic hangs 1 inch over sides. In a small bowl, mix  cranberry juice  and  brandy ,  kirsch  or  orange juice  and sprinkle  gelatin  over the surface; let stand 5 minutes until softened. Combine plums,  Sugar  and  gelatin  mixture in a medium-sized saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring for 3–4 minutes until the  gelatin  dissolves. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 7 minutes. Add  peaches  and simmer for about 5 minutes longer, until the  peaches  are almost tender. Stir in  blackberries ,  lemon  zest and  cinnamon  and simmer 3–4 minutes longer, until the  Berries  begin to release their juice. Refrigerate. Arrange bread slices in the bottom of the bowl or mold, cutting as needed and fitting them tightly together. Arrange more slices all around the sides of the dish, fitting them together tightly and smoothly. Taking care not to dislodge the bread, spoon the fruit mixture into the center of the dish, tilting the dish to distribute the fruit evenly. If the bread extends more than ¼ inch above the layer of fruit, trim it with a knife. Cover the fruit with another layer of bread, patting it down firmly. Stack several saucers or small plates on the bread to weight down the pudding. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours or up to 24 hours. To serve: invert the bowl over a serving plate, tugging the overhanging plastic wrap to loosen the pudding from the dish. Center the pudding on the serving plate and peel off the plastic wrap. Serve immediately, cut into wedges. Serves Per serving: 370 calories, 7 g protein, 2 g fat, 85 g carbohydrate, 279 mg sodium, 0 mg cholesterol
 
 Other links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Berry Recipes, Blackberry Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Cranberry juice Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Kirsch Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Peach Recipes, Add category