Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/New_England_Clam_Chowder_II

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Source:  San Antonio Express-News , web posted: on 09/11/2007, adapted from Blount Seafood Corp. 
 Makes 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 slices  bacon 
 1 medium  yellow onion , diced 
 1 large rib  celery , peeled and diced 
 ½  green bell pepper , seeded and diced (optional) 
 1 tbsp  butter 
 4 tsp  flour 
 1 cup  clam juice 
 3 cups  milk  or mixture of milk and  half-and-half 
 3 – 4 boiled  red potatoes , cut into 1½-inch dice 
 1 cup chopped  clams , with juice, either from can or foil pack 
 salt , to taste 
 pinch of  white pepper  or  cayenne , or to taste 
 pinch of dried  thyme 
 Directions : 
 Fry bacon until just crisp. 
 Remove from pan. 
 When bacon has cooled slightly, chop it and set aside. 
 Pour off all but about 1 teaspoon bacon drippings. 
 Put onion, celery and green pepper in skillet and gently sauté until vegetables are cooked. 
 Set pan off the heat. 
 In heavy-bottomed soup pot, melt butter. 
 Add flour; stir and fry the mixture until it's cooked but not browned. 
 In meantime, heat clam juice with milk or half-and-half. 
 When flour mixture is cooked, slowly add hot milk mixture, whisking to incorporate it with the roux. 
 Let it simmer, whisking to make it smooth as it thickens. 
 When soup has thickened, add potatoes, clams, salt and pepper or cayenne, thyme and reserved bacon. 
 Let simmer for a couple of more minutes until potatoes and clams are heated through. 
 If it is thicker than you like, add a little more milk. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 220 calories | 12g protein | 23g carbs | 2g dietary fiber | 10g fat | 40mg cholesterol | 260mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, New England Soups, Chowder Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, Clam Recipes, Clam juice Recipes, Add category