Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fibbed_Austrian

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Stew 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
       Fibbed Austrian     
 Bean stew with sausages from Austria.
 
 This recipe yields 6 to 8 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ bunch  flat-leaf parsley , leaves only finely chopped 
 ½ small  white onion  finely diced 
 1 tbsp  capers  rinsed, and coarsely chopped 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp freshly-ground  black pepper 
 2 tbsp  sherry vinegar 
 2 tbsp fruity Spanish  olive oil 
 Stew : 
 1 lb large  white beans  soaked overnight 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 4 slice smoked  bacon  cut thin strips 
 4  onions  sliced 
 1 tbsp  paprika 
 1 lb  leeks , white parts only well rinsed, sliced 
 1 large  carrot  peeled, and coarsely chopped 
 12 large  garlic  cloves finely chopped 
 2  ham hocks 
 2  bay leaves 
 ¾ tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp freshly-ground  black pepper 
 1 lb spicy  pork sausages  cut ¾" slices (preferably  blood sausage  or black pudding) 
 Directions : 
 Whisk together the  parsley ,  onion ,  capers ,  salt ,  pepper , and  vinegar . 
 Whisk in the  olive oil  until evenly blended. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 24 hours. 
 Drain the beans, reserving the soaking  water . 
 In a very large cast-iron and enamel or other heavy casserole, heat the  oil  over low heat and cook the  bacon  for 3 to 4 minutes, or until most of the fat is rendered out. 
 Remove 1 tablespoon of the fat and discard. 
 Add the  onions ,  paprika ,  leek , and  carrot  and continue cooking for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until all the vegetables are very soft. 
 Add the  garlic  and cook for 5 minutes more. 
 Add the  ham  hocks,  bay leaves ,  salt ,  pepper , and enough of the reserved soaking  water  to barely cover the ingredients. 
 Bring the mixture to a boil and skim off the scum and fat that rise to the surface. 
 Reduce the heat and simmer over low heat, partially covered, for 1 hour. 
 Add the sausages and the beans and cook for 1½ hours more, or until the beans are tender. 
 Remove the  ham  hocks, remove and discard the rind and fat, and shred the meat. 
 Return the  ham  to the pan and discard the  bay leaves . 
 Taste for seasoning and serve warm, with a small dollop of the salsa verde. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/79/931970482.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004013']
Categories: Austrian Soups, Stew Recipes, White bean Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Caper Recipes, Ham hock Recipes, Leek Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Blood sausage Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Sherry vinegar Recipes, Onion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category