Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Comlek


 
 Description : 
 Rabbit casserole with onions and wine vinegar. The same recipe can be used for hare, with excellent results, by increasing quantities of other ingredients, since hare is much heavier than rabbit. Rabbit or hare should be treated in exactly the same preparatory way, i.e., being soaked in  vinegar . (This only applies to wild varieties.) Served with fried  potatoes  on the side, this is a piquant dish, or if you prefer a milder taste to counterbalance the richness of the rabbit, serve with plain while  rice . A green salad is always welcomed as it adds a refreshing note.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  rabbit  cut in pieces 
 4 medium-sized  tomatoes , chopped (approximately 350 g)  or  2 tbsp  tomato paste 
 2  bay leaves 
 4 tbsp  red wine vinegar 
 150 ml  olive oil 
 ¼ tsp  sugar 
 4 cloves  garlic , whole 
 300 ml hot  water 
 small piece  cinnamon  stick 
 salt  and  black pepper 
 4 whole  allspice  berries 
 700 g small  onions , peeled but left whole 
 1 sprig of  rosemary 
 1 small glass of dry  red wine 
 Directions : 
 Marinate rabbit in  vinegar  and  bay leaves  overnight in the fridge or a couple of hours before cooking it. 
 Remove rabbit pieces from marinade, pat them dry and fry them in half the  olive oil  until golden-brown on both sides. 
 When all rabbit pieces have been fried, place them back in the saucepan. 
 Add  garlic  cloves,  bay leaves , spices,  rosemary  and wine. 
 Then add the  tomato  puree or  tomatoes ,  sugar  and the hot  water . 
 Season, cover and cook for about 1 hour. 
 In the meantime, heat the remaining  olive oil  in a frying pan and gently fry the  onions . 
 Stir them occasionally, in order to make sure they turn golden all over, for about 15 minutes. 
 Add the contents of the frying pan to the saucepan, and shake it so that the  onions  spread evenly. 
 Then cover and simmer for a further 15 minutes. 
 Serve with fried  potatoes  or plain  white rice  and a green salad. 
 
 
 
Categories: Albanian Meat Dishes, Rabbit Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red wine Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category