Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Party_Sushi_Rolls

Description : 
 Sushi, a representative food of japan, is a vinegared  rice  garnished with an assortment of fresh vegetables, fish and seasonings. You'll find many of the ingredients ... And the bamboo mat ... At an oriental food store. 
 
 Yield: 10 servings; 5 rolls, 6 pieces/roll 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups white,  short-grain rice  preferably Japanese 
 3 cup  water  (or according to  rice  package directions) 
 3½ tbsp  rice vinegar   or   white vinegar 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 1½ tsp  salt 
 1 pk  nori  seaweed, large or medium (quality  nori  seaweed must be crisp. Look for a well-sealed package) 
 Filling combinations : 
 Chose from these:
 
 1  cucumber , cut into thin strips the same length as seaweed 
 1  avocado , peeled, pitted and cut into thin strips 
 fresh  cilantro , minced 
 2 oz  daikon  radish, cut into strips 
 2 oz  pickled ginger 
 4 oz small  shrimp , cooked 
 4 oz  prosciutto 
 Equipment : 
 1 bamboo mat, medium or large, for rolling sushi 
 Directions : 
 Rice : 
 Cook  rice  in  water  for about 25 minutes or until all the liquid is absorbed. 
 Spread  rice  evenly over bottom of a large glass or wooden bowl. 
 Mix  vinegar ,  sugar  and  salt  together in a small bowl. 
 Sprinkle  vinegar  mixture generously over the  rice . 
 You may not need all the  vinegar  mixture. The  rice  should remain somewhat dry. 
 With a large wooden spoon, mix  rice  with a slicing motion. 
 Leave the  rice  in the bowl, covered with a damp cloth. 
 Sushi roll assembly : 
 Place one sheet of  nori  seaweed on the bamboo mat. 
 Spread approximately ¾ cup  rice  onto seaweed; flatten with the back of a spoon. 
 Leave uncovered ⅜ inch (1 cm) at front of sheet and ¾ inch (2 cm at end of sheet. 
 Place all filling ingredients at center. 
 To form roll, lift one end of the mat and begin to roll and compress the seaweed. 
 Use the mat only to help form the roll (it may be difficult at first to keep the mat from rolling with the seaweed). 
 Moisten end of seaweed with a small amount of  water  to seal the roll. 
 Cut into rounds approximately ½ inch thick. 
 Nutritional information : 
 one serving = 3 pieces
 
 cilantro filling: calories: 79 | protein: 2g | fat: 2 g 
 shrimp filling: calories: 68 | protein: 3g | fat: 2 g 
 prosciutto filling : calories: 95 | protein: 4g | fat: 2 g 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Sushi Recipes, Nori Recipes, Daikon Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Avocado Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Prosciutto Recipes, Short-grain rice Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Add category