Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Masala_Dosa

Description : 
 Ethnicity - South Indian 
 Type of meal - Party, Lunch, Dinner 
 Ingredients : 
 Dosa : 
 2 cups  rice  - preferably parboiled 
 ½ cup split and husked  black gram  (dhuli urad) - soaked with  rice  for 5-6 hours 
 ½ tsp  fenugreek seeds 
 oil  to smear the pan for cooking the dosas 
 2 tsp  salt 
 Masala : 
 500 gm (3 cups)  potatoes  - boiled, peeled and cubed 
 1½ cups  onions  - sliced not very thin 
 ¼ tsp  powdered turmeric 
 2  green chillies  - chopped coarsely (optional) 
 6-7  curry leaves  or ½ tsp dried  curry leaves 
 2 tbsp  oil 
 1 tsp  mustard seeds 
 2 tsp  salt 
 ½ cup  water 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Grind  daal  mixture together to a very smooth consistency. Add  salt  and enough  water  to make into a dropping consistency. Leave to ferment for about 5-6 hours, till a little spongy. 
 If thickened too much, add a little  water  to thin a bit. Heat tawa, and brush  oil  over it. When really hot, splash a little  water  over it, and immediately pour batter onto it, spreading it thin, with a circular motion. This will have to be very swift and will need a bit of practice. 
 After spreading the batter, lower the heat and dribble a little  oil  around the edges so that it seeps under the dosa. When edges start  browning  a bit, pass a flat spoon under it to ease the dosa off the pan. 
 Put desired filling in the centre and fold the two edges over. Serve accompanied with sambhar and chutney 
 For the  masala  Filling
 
 Heat the  oil  in a heavy based pan and add the  mustard seeds , then  onions ,  curry leaves  and green chillies, and sauté over high heat till the  onions  are a little transparent. 
 Add the  salt  and the  turmeric  and mix well before adding the  potatoes . Turn the  potatoes  around till well mixed and add the  water  and let it simmer for 2-3 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Curry leaf Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Indian Vegetarian, Mustard seed Recipes, Potato Recipes, Rice Recipes, South Indian Recipes, Urad dal Recipes, Add category