Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetarian_Satays_with_Asian_Pesto


 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   For the skewer base 
 2.2   Peanut pesto 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 The perfect way to start the day -  a hot Asian take on vegetables, mushrooms, pesto, and skewers is made great on other vegetables or main dishes, and cooked to golden-brown, smooth perfection, as it keeps a red-hot aroma with the herbs and peanuts from the homemade pesto. Button mushrooms commonly replace the shiitake caps and work for this recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the skewer base : 
 1  zucchini , sliced on the bias, ¼-inch thick 
 1 small  eggplant , sliced in half, then ¼-inch slices 
 10 large  shiitake caps 
 4  scallions , 1-inch lengths 
 wooden  skewers  soaked in  water 
 Peanut pesto : 
 4 cups roasted  peanuts , plain only, reserving 2 cups for plating 
 2 large, sliced  shallots 
 4 cloves sliced  garlic 
 3 minced  Thai bird chiles 
 3  kaffir lime leaves , chiffonade 
 2 stalks  lemon grass , white part only, minced 
 1 tablespoon  sugar , brown or white only 
 2  limes , juiced  or  (7 ¾ tbsp. lemon juice) 
 2 cups  peanut oil 
 1 cup  Thai basil  leaves 
 ½ cup  cilantro  leaves 
 ½ cup  mint  leaves 
 2 tsp.  salt 
 3 tsp.  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Prepare a hot grill. 
 Skewer the slices individually. 
 The shiitakes should have a  scallion  on each side. Lightly  oil  and season the satays and on a hot grill, mark and criss-cross both sides, about 4 to 5 minutes total. 
 In a food processor, add 2 cups  peanuts , shallots,  garlic , chiles, kaffir, and  lemongrass  and puree smooth. 
 Add  sugar , lemon or  lime juice , and season. Drizzle with the remaining  oil  then add the herbs. 
 Check for seasoning. Lay a bed of  peanuts  on a large plate. 
 Serve the pesto in a bowl and surround with satays. Garnish with extra kaffir leaves or  lemongrass . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d5/Green_curry_veggie_kabobs.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130909215410']
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Skewer Recipes, Kaffir lime leaf Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Thai chile Recipes, Thai basil Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Vegan Main Dish Recipes, World Recipes, Asian Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Fruit juice Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Vegetarian Main Dish Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Breakfast Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Mint Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Chili Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Grilled Recipes, Add category