Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken,_Sausage_and_Shrimp_Gumbo

Description : 
 I know, another  gumbo  recipe....This one is from 'Plantation Celebrations', the cookbook I received from the best swap partner ever, Luby, in the latest swap. The addition of the  Shrimp  was my idea. I really liked this recipe because there weren't a lot of spicy spices in it...I like the spiciness but my husband does not. It was easy enough for me to add Tabasco to my own portion while at the table. I used smoked  Turkey   Sausage  in this.
 
       Chicken, Sausage and Shrimp Gumbo     
 Ingredients : 
 1  chicken , cut into pieces 
 1 lb smoked  sausage  or  andouille  sausages 
 1 cup  oil 
 1½ cups  flour 
 2 cups chopped  onions 
 2 cups chopped  celery 
 1 cup chopped  bell peppers 
 ¼ cup diced  garlic 
 3 quarts  chicken stock 
 24 button  mushrooms 
 2 cups sliced  green onions 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 sprig  thyme 
 1 tablespoon chopped  basil 
 salt 
 cracked  pepper , to taste 
 Tabasco sauce  or hot sauce, to taste 
 ½ cup chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 (1 lb) package frozen cooked  shrimp 
 4 cups cooked  white rice 
 Directions : 
 Remove as much fat from the  chicken  as possible; cut smoked  sausage  or andouille into half inch slices and set aside. 
 In a two gallon stock pot, heat  oil  over medium heat; sprinkle in  flour  and whisk constantly until a golden brown roux is achieved; do not scorch; if black specks appear, discard it and start again. 
 Add  onions ,  celery ,  bell pepper  and  garlic ; saute 3–5 minutes or until vegetables are wilted; add  chicken  and  sausage , blending well into vegetable mixture; saute approximately fifteen minutes. 
 Add  chicken stock , one ladle at a time, stirring constantly until all is incorporated; bring to a rolling boil, reduce to simmer and cook approximately one hour, stirring occasionally and skimming any fat or  oil  that rises to the top of the pot. 
 Add  mushrooms ,  green onions ,  bay leaf ,  thyme  and  basil ; season to taste with  salt ,  pepper  and Tabasco. 
 Cook an additional one to two hours if necessary, until  chicken  is tender and falling apart; add  parsley  and  shrimp ; cook for an additional 10–15 minutes, or until  shrimp  is hot; adjust seasonings and serve over hot steamed  white rice . 
 Pass additional Tabasco at the table, to taste. 
 You may want to boil the  chicken  a couple of hours before beginning the  gumbo . 
 Reserve the stock, debone the  chicken  and use the meat and the stock in the  gumbo . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0b/Chicken%2C_Sausage_and_Shrimp_Gumbo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004556']
Categories: Andouille Recipes, Basil Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Cajun Meat Dishes, Celery Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Gumbo Recipes, Add category