Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bourbon_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   INGREDIENTS 
 
 1.1   For the cake: 
 1.2   For the glaze: 
 
 
 2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 2.1   To prepare the cake: 
 2.2   To prepare the glaze: 
 
 
 
 
 INGREDIENTS : 
 For the cake: : 
 1 cup (230 gm) unsalted butter, at room temperature 
 1–1/4 cup sugar (250 gm) 
 ¾ cup (150 gm) brown sugar 
 4 large eggs, at room temperature 
 1 cup (240 gm) buttermilk, at room temperature 
 ¼ cup (60 gm) good quality bourbon 
 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 
 2–3/4 cups (385 gm) all-purpose flour 
 1 teaspoon baking powder 
 ½ teaspoon baking soda 
 1 teaspoon salt 
 For the glaze: : 
 2 cups powdered sugar 
 2 tablespoons bourbon 
 ¼ cup heavy whipping cream, plus more as needed 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 To prepare the cake: : 
 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the butter, sugar, and brown sugar together on medium speed for 4 minutes. Scrape the sides of the bowl and add the eggs one at a time. Scrape the sides of the bowl and stir in any unincorporated egg. In a separate bowl combine the buttermilk, bourbon, and vanilla extract. In another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, soda, and salt. Add half of the dry ingredients to the butter mixture and stir just until barely combined on low speed. Add half of the liquid ingredients and stir to combine. Repeat this process to incorporate the remaining dry and wet ingredients. Fold the batter together using a rubber spatula to ensure everything is well incorporated. 
 Lightly grease and flour a bundt pan and spoon the batter into the pan. Bake in the preheated oven until the cake has risen and a toothpick inserted comes out clean, about 45- 50 minutes. Allow to cool for 20 minutes in the pan, then invert the cake on to a cooling rack to cool completely. 
 To prepare the glaze: : 
 Whisk together the powdered sugar, bourbon, and ¼ cup of heavy whipping cream. Add additional cream 1 teaspoon at a time until your glaze is the desired consistency. Add additional powdered sugar to thicken as needed. Spoon the glaze over top of the cake and enjoy! 
 
 
 
Categories: Bourbon Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Butter Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Powdered Sugar Recipes, Whipped cream, Heavy cream Recipes, Add category