Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Malawian_Squash

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   For the veggie 
 2.2   For the meatie 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 A light supper dish, bringing back memories of an African childhood. Futali is a traditional Malawian food, but variations on the same theme of  squash  or  pumpkin , and groundnuts, are found all over sub-Saharan Africa. Groundnuts are very nutritious, containing both proteins and vegetable fats (which help to dissolve vitamins and thus make them accessible to the human body). The  orange  flesh of squashes and  sweet potato  is a good source of vitamin A, so combining them with groundnuts ensures a good balance of both proteins and vitamins. 
 Futali is traditionally eaten as a snack: there are enough carbohydrates in the  Squash  to make it sufficiently filling that you shouldn’t need anything other than a bowl of steamed dark green  spinach  on the table (though if you’re extraordinarily hungry,  rice  is best). Curly  kale  or other winter greens are a good substitute as their slightly  bitter  taste goes well with the sweetness of the  squash .
 In Malawi,  Chicken  would be cooked separately as it is so scarce; and only the very wealthiest would cook with  cheese ; but I’ve included them here for richer Western diets. [Adding Parmesan rind during the simmering gives a lovely base flavour: freeze the rinds that are left over from each chunk of Parmesan , to use in this or other soupy/stewy dishes]. Similarly,  red bell pepper  and red chile are not strictly traditional, but the pepper-squash-chile combination tastes very good, and adds yet more vitamin A to the dish. 
 
 Serves one "meatie" and one "veggie" 
 Ingredients : 
 1 small or ½ a medium  butternut squash   or  two large  sweet potatoes 
 1 medium  onion , finely chopped 
 150 g  peanut butter  with no additives or  salt 
 500 ml hot  water 
 1  red pepper , deseeded and cut into 1 cm chunks 
 1  fresh red chile  (optional), deseeded and finely chopped  or  1 tsp fresh  chile paste 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 For the veggie : 
 1  Parmesan  rind 
 For the meatie : 
 1  chicken breast , cut into thin strips 
 Directions : 
 Peel the  butternut squash  or  sweet potato  and set aside any  squash seeds  to roast. 
 Chop the flesh fairly roughly into 1 cm chunks. 
 Divide the  squash ,  onion  and chile (or  chile paste ) equally between the two pans. 
 You don’t want to add any more fat to the dish by frying the  onion  first, as there is enough of it in the  peanut butter . 
 Stir the  peanut   butter  briskly into the hot  water , making sure that all the lumps are dissolved, and pour half into each pan. 
 Bring both to the boil and simmer for five minutes. 
 Veggie : add the Parmesanrind and several grindings of  black pepper  to the veggie pan. 
 Meatie : add the  chicken  strips, several grindings of  black pepper  and ½ tsp  salt  to the meatie pan. 
 Bring both pans to the boil and simmer gently, with the lids off, for 15 minutes. 
 Stir occasionally to make sure the stews aren’t sticking: you may need to stir more frequently as the liquid evaporates. 
 Be careful not to break up the chunks of  squash  when you stir. 
 Five minutes before serving, divide the  red pepper  equally between the two pans and stir in gently. 
 Veggie : remove the Parmesanrind and discard (or chew on the sticky bits, then discard). 
 Taste and correct for  salt  and  pepper  or chile. 
 If you do think you need to add more  peanut butter , thin it with a little boiling  water  and then stir it in very carefully so you don’t break up the  squash  chunks (while you’re cooking this, clean the  squash seeds , toss in hot  oil  and  salt  and roast them in a hot oven for 5 – 10 minutes, turning frequently so they don’t burn. Eat with your drinks). 
 
 
 
Categories: Malawian Meat Dishes, Malawian Vegetarian, Butternut squash Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category