Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pumpkin_Maple_Whoopie_Pies

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 34 whoopie pies 
 Ingredients : 
 Cookies : 
 3 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 ½ tsp  baking soda 
 1 cup (2 sticks)  unsalted  butter at room temperature 
 2 cups packed  light brown sugar 
 3 large  egg yolks 
 2 jars  American Spoon™ pumpkin butter 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 Filling : 
 6 tbsp (¾ stick)  unsalted butter  at room temperature 
 ½ cup  confectioners' sugar 
 ½ jar of  American Spoon™ Maple Cream  (½ cup measure) 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 2 tsp  vanilla extract 
 Maple cream : 
 2 cups  maple syrup 
 1 cup  cream 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Sift together the dry cookie ingredients in a large bowl. 
 In a second mixing bowl, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light. 
 Add the eggs yolks one at a time, mixing well after each. 
 Add the pumpkin butter and the vanilla and mix well. 
 Slowly add the dry ingredients and mix thoroughly. 
 Be careful not to over-mix or cookies will be tough. 
 Drop the cookie batter by tablespoonfuls about one inch apart on baking sheet lined with parchment paper. 
 Bake until they are puffed and spring back when touched, about 15 – 18 minutes. 
 Make the filling. 
 Cream the butter and confectioners sugar together until light and fluffy. 
 Add the maple cream, salt and vanilla extract. 
 Blend until thoroughly combined and fluffy. 
 When cookies are cool, spread with a thin layer of filling and top with another cookie to make each whoopie pie. 
 Continue with remaining cookies and filling. 
 Store in an air tight container for up to one week. 
 Maple cream : 
 Boil 2 cups maple syrup and 1 cup cream until it reaches 230°F on candy thermometer. 
 Pour into bowl and let cool until lukewarm, then beat until creamy. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Pie Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Fruit butter Recipes, Add category