Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lentil-Bulgur_Loaf


 
 Description : 
 This flavorful grain loaf, which is served with a creamy herbed garlic mayonnaise, makes a great hearty entree for a potluck buffet. Flax seeds, valued as a plant source of essential omega-3 fatty acids, replace the usual  eggs  and bind the loaf. If you prefer, you can substitute 2  eggs  for the flax seeds and  water .
 Door-to-door (for a potluck): if desired, use a disposable aluminum loaf pan. Bake loaf up to 2 days ahead and refrigerate in pan. Reheat, covered with foil, in a 350 °F oven for about 30 minutes. Make garlic mayonnaise up to 2 days ahead and refrigerate in a covered bowl or plastic food storage container.
 
 8 to 10 servings dairy-free. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tbsp  flax seeds 
 ½ cup uncooked  bulgur 
 2 tsp  salt 
 1 cup boiling  water 
 1¼ cup  lentils , rinsed 
 2 tsp  olive oil 
 2 medium  onions , chopped 
 3 medium  carrots , grated 
 4 medium  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1½ tsp ground  cumin 
 ½ tsp  ground coriander 
 ⅛ tsp  cayenne , up to ¼ 
 2 cup  flat-leaf parsley  leaves, (1 bunch) rinsed and dried 
 2 slice whole-wheat bread crusts trimmed and discarded bread torn into large pieces 
 6 oz low-fat soft or firm  silken tofu , (¾ cup) 
 ¼ cup fresh  lemon juice , (from 2  lemons ) 
 1 tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 flat-leaf  parsley  or  mint  sprigs, for garnish 
 Garlic mayonnaise : 
 1 cup  soy mayonnaise 
 ½ cup chopped fresh herbs such as  basil  or  tarragon  or  chervil 
 2 small  garlic  cloves, minced 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ⅛ tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Coat 9 x 5-inch loaf pan with  cooking spray . 
 Line bottom of pan with sheet of parchment or wax paper and lightly coat paper with  cooking spray . 
 In food processor or blender, process flaxseeds to coarse powder. 
 Add ⅓ cup cold  water  and process until mixture is blended, stopping once or twice to scrape down sides of work bowl with rubber spatula. 
 Pour into small bowl, cover and set aside in refrigerator. 
 In medium bowl, combine  bulgur , ½ teaspoon  salt  and boiling  water . 
 Let stand until  bulgur  is tender and most of liquid is absorbed, about 25 minutes. 
 Drain mixture in sieve, pressing out excess moisture. 
 Set aside. 
 While  bulgur  is standing, bring large saucepan of  water  to a boil. 
 Add  lentils  and ½ teaspoon  salt  and cook until just tender, about 20 minutes. 
 Drain and rinse under cold running  water . 
 Set aside. 
 In large nonstick skillet, heat  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add  onions  and cook, stirring often, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. 
 Add  carrots ,  garlic ,  cumin , coriander and  cayenne  and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. 
 Transfer to large bowl. 
 In food processor, pulse  parsley  until chopped. 
 Add bread and process until coarse crumbs form. 
 Add to  onion  mixture. 
 Add  tofu  to food processor and process until smooth. 
 Add reserved  flaxseed  mixture, 1 cup cooked  lentils ,  lemon juice ,  pepper  and remaining 1 teaspoon  salt  and process until smooth. 
 Transfer to bowl with  onion  mixture. 
 Using rubber spatula, stir in remaining cooked  lentils  and soaked  bulgur  until well combined. 
 Scrape mixture into prepared pan, spreading evenly and pressing down. 
 Bake until top is lightly browned and firm to the touch, 50 to 60 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, make  garlic   mayonnaise : in medium bowl, mix all ingredients. 
 Cover and chill at least 1 hour. 
 Whisk well before serving. 
 Transfer loaf to wire rack and let cool in pan 5 minutes. 
 Run knife around edges to loosen: invert serving platter over loaf. 
 Protecting your hands with oven mitts, firmly grasp pan and platter together and turnover. 
 Remove pan; peel off paper. 
 Garnish with  parsley  and serve loaf hot or at room temperature with  garlic   mayonnaise . 
 
 
 
Categories: Iraqi Vegetarian, Lentil Recipes, Soy mayonnaise Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Flax seed Recipes, Bulgur Recipes, Basil Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Lactose-free Recipes, Dairy-free Recipes, Chervil Recipes, Add category