Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Frozen_Cranberry_Souffl%C3%A9_with_Spun_Sugar_Wreath


 
 Ingredients : 
 Cranberry mixture : 
 2½ cups  cranberries , picked over 
 ⅔ cup  sugar 
 ⅔ cup  water 
 Italian meringue : 
 ¾ cup	 sugar 
 ⅓ cup	 water 
 4 large  egg  whites (I used extra large ) 
 2½ cups well chilled  heavy cream 
 Spun sugar wreath : 
 ½ cup  light corn syrup 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 ½ cup  cranberries , picked over 
 mint  sprigs for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Cranberry mixture : 
 In a heavy saucepan combine the  cranberries , the  sugar  and the  water  and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the  sugar  is dissolved. 
 Simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until it is thickened, and let cool completely. 
 Italian meringue : 
 In a small heavy saucepan, combine the  sugar  and the  water  and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the  sugar  is dissolved. 
 Boil the syrup, washing down any  sugar  crystals clinging to the side of the pan with a brush dipped in cold  water , until it registers 248 °F. 
 On a candy thermometer and remove the pan from the heat. 
 While the syrup is boiling, in the large bowl of an electric mixer, beat the  egg  whites with a pinch of  salt  until they hold soft peaks, and with the motor running, add the hot syrup in a stream, beating and beat the meringue at medium speed for 8 minutes, or until it cools to room temperature. 
 Fold the  cranberry  mixture into the meringue gently but thoroughly. 
 In another bowl, with cleaned beaters, beat the  cream  until it just holds stiff peaks and fold it into the  cranberry  mixture gently but thoroughly. 
 Spoon the souffle into a 2½ qt. freezer proof glass serving bowl (8 inch diameter), smoothing the top, and freeze the souffle, its surface covered with plastic wrap, overnight. 
 The souffle may be made 3 days in advance and kept covered and frozen. 
 Spun sugar wreath : 
 In a small heay saucepan combine the  corn syrup  and the  Sugar , bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat, stirring until the  Sugar  is dissolved, and boil the syrup until it is golden caramel and registers 320 °F. 
 On a candy thermometer. 
 While the syrup is boiling,  oil  lightly a 12 inch square sheet of foul and on it arrange the  cranberries  in a 6 inch wide wreath shape. 
 Remove the pan from the heat and let the syrup cool for 30 seconds. 
 Dip a fork into the syrup and drizzle the syrup over the  cranberries , repeating this procedure until the  cranberries  are covered and wreath is formed. 
 If the syrup becomes too thick to drizzle from a fork, reheat over moderate heat until it is the right consistency. 
 Let the wreath cool completely. 
 The wreath may be made 2 hours in advance- preferably not on a damp day - and kept in a cool, dry place. 
 Pry the wreath gently from the foil, arrange it on the souffle and garnish it with the  mint  sprigs. 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Cranberries, Christmas Desserts, Corn syrup Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Light corn syrup Recipes, Mint Recipes, Soufflé Recipes, Add category