Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Arabian_Stew

This recipe is for 6 serves.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  chickpeas , soaked overnight 
 2 lb large  eggplants 
 salt 
 8 tbsp  olive oil 
 freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 2 large  onions , sliced thinly 
 10 small clove  garlic , unpeeled 
 1 cup fresh or canned  tomatoes , seeded and chopped (reserve juices) 
 1 tbsp  tomato paste 
 3 clove  garlic , peeled and crushed with 1 teaspoon  salt 
 3 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 1 tbsp  red wine vinegar 
 2 tsp  sugar 
 ¼ tsp ground  allspice  or  cinnamon 
 fresh  lemon juice 
 sprigs of fresh  mint 
 Directions : 
 Peel and halve the  chickpeas , set aside. 
 Remove and discard 3 vertical strips of skin from each  eggplant , then cut the whole  eggplant  into 2½-inch chunks. 
 salt  the pieces and leave to drain in a colander for at least 1 hour. 
 Rinse the  eggplant , squeeze gently and pat dry with paper towels. 
 Working in batches, lightly fry the chunks in 5 tablespoons hot  oil  until golden brown; drain. 
 Sprinkle the  eggplant  with  pepper  and set aside. 
 In a 2- or 3-quart casserole with a tight-fitting lid, warm the remaining  olive oil  and add the  onions ; sweat them over low heat 10 minutes, stirring occasionally until limp and golden. 
 Add  chickpeas  and fry 2 minutes. 
 Stir in the drained  eggplant , unpeeled  garlic ,  tomatoes  and their juices,  tomato  paste and  pepper . 
 Cover tightly and cook over reduced heat without stirring 40 minutes. 
 Carefully fold in the crushed  garlic ,  parsley ,  vinegar ,  sugar  and  allspice . 
 Cook 10 minutes longer until thickened (up to this point, the dish can be made one day in advance. Cool, cover and refrigerate so that the flavors will meld). 
 To serve, return to room temperature, adjust the seasoning with  salt ,  pepper  and  allspice  and sharpen the taste with a few drops of  lemon juice . 
 Garnish with the  mint . 
 
 
 
Categories: Saudi Arabian Vegetarian, Stew Recipes, Mint Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category