Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Carima%C3%B1olas_III

Ingredients : 
 4 lbs  yucca root , peeled and cut into 1" cubes 
 4  eggs  (2 separated) 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 ½ lb lean  ground beef 
 1 tbs  olive oil 
 ½ cup  onions , chopped fine 
 2  jalapeno peppers , chopped fine 
 1 tsp ground  cumin 
 ½ tsp ground  thyme 
 1 tsp  garlic , minced 
 1 can (15 oz)  tomato sauce 
 seasoned  bread crumbs  (optional) 
 flour 
 salt 
 oil  for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan or stock pot cover  yucca  with  water , add 1 tsp  salt , and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat and simmer until tender. 
 Meanwhile, heat  olive oil  over medium heat and saute  onions  and chiles until  onions  are translucent. 
 Add ground  beef  and brown, breaking up as fine as possible. 
 Add  cumin ,  thyme ,  garlic , and  tomato  sauce. 
 Simmer, stirring frequently until filling is very thick. 
 salt  to taste, remove from heat, and cool to room temperature. 
 Drain  yucca  well and mash thoroughly with  butter , using a  potato  masher or mixer. 
 Beat 2  egg yolks  until smooth. 
 Add  egg yolks  to the  yucca  and beat in thoroughly. 
 Cool to room temperature. 
 Roll a portion (about ½ cup) of the mixture into a ball (note: if the dough is too soft to handle, a small amount of  flour  may be added) 
 With the flat of your thumb, make a deep indentation in the ball. 
 Place 1 rounded teaspoon of the filling in the indentation. 
 Work the dough back around the filling, insuring that the filling is completely covered and centered in the, now elongated ball. 
 Beat the 2 remaining  egg  whites and the 2 whole  eggs  together until smooth. 
 Roll the caramiñolas in flower, dip in the beaten  eggs , and roll in bread crumbs to coat completely (if desired, otherwise just dust lightly with  flour ). 
 Deep fry in hot  oil  (380 – 390°F), 2 or 3 at a time, until golden brown. 
 Drain on paper towels. 
 Serve either warm or at room temperature. 
 
 
 
Categories: Panamanian Appetizers, Panamanian Meat Dishes, Ground beef Recipes, Cassava Recipes, Egg Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Onion Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category