Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/File:511px-Beef_cuts.svg.png


 browse All Beef Recipes :  Beef brisket Recipes  |  Beef chuck and blade Recipes  |  Beef flank Recipes  |  Beef plate Recipes  |  Beef rib Recipes  |  Beef round Recipes  |  Beef shank Recipes  |  Beef short loin Recipes  |  Beef sirloin Recipes  |  Beef steak Recipes  |  ground beef Recipes 
         beef     
 Contents 
 
 1   About Beef 
 2   History of Beef 
 3   How Cattle Are Raised 
 
 3.1   Use of Hormones and Antibiotics 
 
 
 4   Buying Beef 
 5   Basic beef cuts 
 6   Preparing Beef 
 
 6.1   Marinating Beef 
 
 
 7   Cooking Beef 
 
 7.1   Microwaving Beef 
 
 
 8   Storing Beef 
 9   Nutrition 
 
 9.1   Nutrition Labeling 
 
 
 10   Beef Recipes 
 
 10.1   Beef Related Recipes 
 
 
 11   Sources 
 
 
 About Beef : 
 
 "Beef" is meat from full-grown cattle about 2 years old. A live steer weighs about 1,000 pounds and yields about 450 pounds of edible meat. There are at least 50 breeds of beef cattle, but fewer than 10 make up most cattle produced. Some major breeds are Angus, Hereford, Charolais, and Brahman.
 "Baby beef" and "calf" are 2 interchangeable terms used to describe young cattle weighing about 700 pounds that have been raised mainly on milk and grass. The meat cuts from baby beef are smaller; the meat is light red and contains less fat than beef. The fat may have a yellow tint due to the vitamin A in grass.
 "Veal" is meat from a calf which weighs about 150 pounds. Those that are mainly milk-fed usually are less than 3 months old. The difference between "veal" and "calf" is based on the color of their meat, which is determined almost entirely by diet. Veal is pale pink and contains more cholesterol than beef.
 
 
 Beef  is one of the most common meats consumed all around the world.  Beef  is a tasty meat obtained from cows and it is included in most European, American and Middle Eastern dishes. One of the most commonly eaten dishes, the  hamburger , is generally made of  Beef . Although it is one of the most common meat types served in North America and Europe, there are some religions which forbid the consumption of this type of meat such as Hinduism where cows are considered worthy of veneration. In Judaism the consumption of  beef  is allowed only if the bovine is butchered and prepared according to the religions rules and under the control of a rabbi. There are numerous methods for preparing  beef  meat;  beef  can be cut into  steaks ,  short ribs ,  pot roasts  or it can be ground and used for making hamburgers. Beside the meat there are many other parts of the bovine which are also very much cooked such as the tongue which is used for preparing sandwiches in Western cuisine, the stomach as well as the heart, the brain, the pancreas, the kidneys and the testicles.
 
 History of Beef : 
 The domestication of cattle for food dates to about 6500 B.C. in the Middle East. Cattle were not native to America, but brought to the New World on ships by European colonists. Americans weren't big eaters of fresh beef until about 1870, due to the enormous growth of the cattle industry in the West. The introduction of cattle cars and refrigerated cars on the railroad facilitated distribution of the beef.
 
 How Cattle Are Raised : 
 
 All cattle start out eating grass; three-fourths of them are "finished" (grown to maturity) in feedlots where they are fed specially formulated feed based on corn or other grains.
 
 Use of Hormones and Antibiotics : 
 Antibiotics may be given to prevent or treat disease in cattle. A "withdrawal" period is required from the time antibiotics are administered until it is legal to slaughter the animal. This is so residues can exit the animal's system. FSIS randomly samples cattle at slaughter and tests for residues. Data from this Monitoring Plan have shown a very low percentage of residue violations. Not all antibiotics are approved for use in all classes of cattle. However, if there is a demonstrated therapeutic need, a veterinarian may prescribe an antibiotic that is approved in other classes for an animal in a non-approved class. In this case, no detectable residues of this drug may be present in the edible tissues of the animal at slaughter.
 Hormones may be used to promote efficient growth. Estradiol, progesterone, and testosterone (three natural hormones), and zeranol and trenbolone acetate (two synthetic hormones) may be used as an implant on the animal's ear. The hormone is time released, and is effective for 90 to 120 days. In addition, melengesterol acetate, which can be used to suppress estrus, or improve weight gain and feed efficiency, is approved for use as a feed additive. Not all combinations of hormones are approved for use in all classes of cattle. Hormones are approved for specific classes of animals only, and cannot be used in non-approved classes.
 
 Buying Beef : 
 There are numerous farms around the world where cows are raised for the sale of beef, which is available in supermarkets around the world. When buying  beef  it is important to watch out for the availability term, but of course one can notice whether the meat is fresh after the color and the texture of the meat. Generally the tastiest and most available  beef  meat is the young bovine meat which has a red color and it is firm and fine textured. Make sure that  beef  is among the last items selected when shopping, so that it is without refrigeration for as short of time as possible.  Beef  can be found fresh, frozen, chilled or dried. Dry Aged  Beef  can be found in restaurants, groceries and gourmet  steak  companies and is generally tenderer and the taste is more concentrated. Grass-fed  beef  can be found in late spring or in early summer. in order to avoid buying infected  beef  one should buy meat that has been inspected by the department of agriculture. Whether the  beef  is dry-aged, vacuum-packed or frozen one has to be careful when choosing the meat. When shopping for  beef  for a particular recipe. it is best to know which cut of  beef  to use. Here are some basic cuts found in most markets and butcher shops
 Marbling is white flecks of fat within the meat muscle. The greater amount of marbling in beef, the higher the grade because marbling makes beef more tender, flavorful, and juicy.
 Beef is aged to develop additional tenderness and flavor. It is done commercially under controlled temperatures and humidity. Since aging can take anywhere from 10 days to 6 weeks, USDA does not recommend aging beef in a home refrigerator.
 
 Basic beef cuts : 
           American beef cuts     
           British beef cuts     
           Dutch beef cuts     
 There are four basic major (primal) cuts into which beef is separated: chuck, loin, rib, and round. It is recommended that packages of fresh beef purchased in the supermarket be labeled with the primal cut as well as the product, such as "chuck roast" or "round steak." This helps consumers know what type of heat is best for cooking the product. Generally, chuck and round are less tender and require moist heat such as braising; loin and rib can be cooked by dry heat methods such as broiling or grilling.
 Unfortunately, names for various cuts can vary regionally in stores, causing confusion over the choice of cooking method. For example, a boneless top loin steak is variously called: strip steak, Kansas City Steak, N.Y. strip steak, hotel cut strip steak, ambassador steak, or club sirloin steak.
 
 Beef brisket 
 Beef chuck and blade 
 Beef flank 
 Beef plate 
 Beef rib 
 Beef round 
 Beef shank 
 Beef short loin 
 Beef sirloin 
 Beef steak 
 Beef tenderloin 
 Ground beef 
 Preparing Beef : 
 Due to the fact that  beef  is one of the most commonly eaten meats there are numerous modalities of preparing  beef . Before cooking one should choose the  beef  according the following hints:
 
 the meat has to be bright, clear color and a fresh look; 
 the meat used for grilling, pan-frying or roasting has to be aged in order to conserve its tenderness and flavor. 
 it is also very important to know how to cut  beef  meat in order to avoid shrinking and drying out during the cooking. 
 There are numerous preparation methods of the  beef  including braising, broiling, grilling, pan- boiling, roasting, stewing and stirring.  Beef  that has been frozen shouldn't be defrosted at room temperature because harmful bacteria may grow rapidly under such conditions. The best method for thawing  beef  or any other type of meat is to place it in the refrigerator where it will defrost slowly and safely. A temperature range of 33°F and 40°F is ideal. A large cut of  beef  may need 24 to 48 hours to defrost in the refrigerator. the meat should be placed on a plate or dish in order to catch any juices that may drip from the thawing meat and stored on the lowest shelf of the refrigerator.
 
 boning beef 
 barding and larding beef 
 tying a boneless cut of beef 
 trimming and slicing beef fillet 
 trimming beef steak 
 cutting beef for braising or stew 
 tenderizing beef steak 
 grinding beef 
 Marinating Beef : 
 Marinate beef in the refrigerator up to 5 days. Boil used  marinade  before brushing on cooked beef. Discard any uncooked leftover marinade.
 
 Cooking Beef : 
 
 One of the most important things before cooking  beef  is to bring it to the room temperature, preferable without using the microwave. One of the most popular methods of cooking  beef  is to grill it. the most common grilled dishes prepared with  beef  are hamburger patties, top loin  steak  and rib eye  steak . The cooking time for  beef  varies from ten minutes for the grilled  beef  skirt to four and a half hours for the chuck roasted  beef .  Beef  is known to be a red meat because the animal's muscles need so much oxygen as they work keeping the cow upright and moving it around. Due to the fact that beefs in most made of muscles the cooking method has to be chosen properly in order to maintain the meat qualities. Like other red colored meat types,  beef  is actually very easy to cook because it is comprised mainly of tissue, fat and bone. The cooking methods depend actually on the quantity of tissues, fats and bones. the parts of the  beef  which consist mainly of muscles are usually grilled or braised while those which consist more of bones and fats are used for stews, roasting or pan-boiling.
 
 Microwaving Beef : 
 Microwave Directions:
 
 When microwaving unequal size pieces of beef, arrange in dish or on rack so thick parts are toward the outside of dish and thin parts are in the center; cook on medium-high or medium power. 
 Place a roast in an oven cooking bag or in a covered pot. 
 Refer to the manufacturer's directions that accompany the microwave oven for suggested cooking times. 
 Use a meat thermometer to test for doneness in several places to be sure temperatures listed above have been reached. 
 Storing Beef : 
 In order to maintain the taste and freshness of the  beef , one has to follow some rules. One of The Most Important Rules in Storing  Beef  is to Store it in Places With Temperatures Between 28-32 f Degrees.  Beef  generally absorbs odors that are way it should be protected preferable in a vacuum-package. When storing  beef  meat in form of a vacuum package one most not leave it in the refrigerator more than twenty one days if the package is unopened and not more than two or three days after the package has been opened. Frozen beef can be available for almost six months at a temperature of 0 degrees or even a lower temperature.  Beef  can also be kept in the refrigerator without vacuum or frozen it but not more than twenty four hours. Ground  Beef  lasts about two days if it is stored in the refrigerator and for about four months if frozen. Generally the type storage depends of the  beef  cuts, meaning that the larger the cut is the longer the period of storage is. When the meat is stored in its original wrapper, it has to be put in the coldest part of the refrigerator.
 
 Nutrition : 
 Beef  generally consists of tissues, fats and bones.  Beef  is considered a great source of protein, Vitamin B12, zinc, selenium, phosphorus, miacin, Vitamin B6, riboflavin and iron. Due to The fact that  beef  is lower in calories compared to  pork  or  lamb  meat,  beef  is eaten by people who want to avoid cholesterol and fats. Some scientists think that  beef  to possess anti-cancer properties because of it contains Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA) . CLA is thought to help normalize blood glucose levels, prevent Diabetes, contribute to heart health and stimulate the immune system.  Beef  is widely consumed in a variety of forms and it can be used in a diet due to its low concentration of calories and it generally plays an important role in every diet.  Beef  less marbling than other meats, meaning that most of the evident fat is contained on the outside edges. Trimming the excess fat is useful in reducing saturated fat and cholesterol, nevertheless doing this before the  beef  is cooked can make it tougher and less flavorful, particularly if the meat is broiled, roasted, or grilled. it is usually preferable to trim the fat after cooking because the fat layer protects the meat from drying out during the cooking process.
 
 Nutrition Info List 
 Nutrition Labeling : 
 Nutrition claims such as "lean" and "extra lean" are sometimes seen on beef products. Here are their definitions:
 "Lean" - 100 grams of beef with less than 10 grams of fat, 4.5 grams or less of saturated fat, and less than 95 milligrams of cholesterol.
 "Extra Lean" - 100 grams of beef with less than 5 grams of fat, less than 2 grams of saturated fat, and less than 95 milligrams of cholesterol.
 
 Beef Recipes : 
 The main methods for cooking  beef  include grilling, roasting, and sautéing, pan-frying, pan-boiling, broiling, stewing and braising. generally  beef  is always cooked in direct contact with a hot surface or near a heat source. There are generally two important methods of cooking  beef  and those are the dry heat method and the moist heat method. Normally, when  beef  is used for preparing stews the meat is combined with vegetables such as  potatoes ,  tomatoes ,  onions  and  garlic . The hot liquid provided when the  beef  is stewed actually tenderizes the meat and combined with vegetables acts as a flavoring source. There are numerous recipes of  beef  dishes regarding different parts of the  beef . The ribs, shoulders and other bony parts are generally used for preparing stews or they can be pan-fried, sautéed or braised, while the part which are richer in meat are used for grilling or for pan-frying dishes. Some of the most delicious  beef  recipes prepared all around the world include  beef  stew,  beef  stroganoff,  beef  with  black beans , braised  beef  pot roast, fiesta  steak , green sirloin with citrus salsa and roast  beef  with  couscous .  Beef  is widely served with a variety of vegetables and fruits which generally flavors the dish.
 
 
 Beef brain Recipes 
 Beef brisket Recipes 
 Beef chuck and blade Recipes 
 Beef clod Recipes 
 Beef neck Recipes 
 Beef flank Recipes 
 London broil Recipes 
 Beef plate Recipes 
 Beef skirt Recipes 
 Beef rib Recipes 
 Beef round Recipes 
 Beef silverside Recipes 
 Beef topside Recipes 
 Beef shank Recipes 
 Beef leg Recipes 
 Beef shin Recipes 
 Beef short loin Recipes 
 Beef tenderloin Recipes 
 Porterhouse steak Recipes 
 T-bone steak Recipes 
 Beef sirloin Recipes 
 Beef tenderloin Recipes 
 Beef fillet Recipes 
 Beef steak Recipes 
 New York steak Recipes 
 Porterhouse steak Recipes 
 T-bone steak Recipes 
 Corned beef Recipes 
 Ground beef Recipes 
 Oxtail Recipes 
 Beef Related Recipes : 
 Veal Recipes 
 Sources : 
 Beef from Farm to Table  - public domain government resource—original source of history and raising cattle sections, source of additional information 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/63/Beef.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130803140302', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f6/The%2BLadys%2BBrunch%2BBurger-5227.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20080907023930', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/9/97/Almost%2Bthere-269.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20080907024108', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b7/511px-Beef_cuts.svg.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20080907025227', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/45/511px-British_Beef_cuts.svg.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110129201926', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/30/Dutch_Beef_cuts.svg.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110129201944', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Beef, Meat, Add category