Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spicy,_Anise-y_Red-cooked_Beef_over_Noodles

Description : 
 4 – 6 servings
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  peanut  or  veg oil 
 4 tbsp each minced  ginger  and  garlic 
 2 cups roughly chopped  yellow onions 
 8 thinly sliced  green onions 
 1 tsp  Sichuan peppercorns , crushed in mortar or ground in a spice/coffee grinder 
 4  star anise 
 5 – 6 tsp  Chinese hot chili paste 
 1½ pounds of  bottom round  or other lean stewing  beef , cut into ½ to 1-inch cubes 
 1½ tsp  sugar 
 3 tbsp  soy sauce 
 1 cup  beef broth  (canned is fine) or a  beef bouillon  cube mixed with 1 cup  water 
 4½ tablespoons  cornstarch  mixed with 6 tablespoons  water  (optional, if you prefer a thinner sauce) 
 1½ pounds of fresh  Chinese egg noodles  or 1 pound thin dried  egg noodles  (in a pinch,  fettucine  will do) 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in cooking vessel on high and add  ginger ,  garlic , and  onions . 
 Stir-fry for a minute and then add two-thirds of the  green onions  (set the rest aside for serving). 
 After 10 seconds add the peppercorns and  star anise , and after 10 more seconds stir in the  pepper / chile paste . 
 Stir-fry briskly for about 30 seconds and add the  beef , frying till every piece is seared. 
 Sprinkle  sugar  and soy over all and stir-fry two more minutes. 
 Add broth (or bouillon cube and  water ), along with 2½ cups of  water , stir well, and bring to the boil. 
 Reduce heat to very low, cover, and simmer until the meat is falling-apart tender, about 2 hours. 
 At this point, refrigerate or freeze and reheat, or proceed with the recipe (if you plan to freeze part of the recipe, remove it from the pan now, before adding  cornstarch ). 
 Cook noodles in boiling  water  and divide into big bowls. 
 Bring the sauce to a boil and stir in the  cornstarch , a tablespoon at a time, until the sauce is as thick as you'd like (it will thin a bit once it's on the noodles, especially if  bean sprouts  or pea greens are added). 
 Ladle sauce over noodles and garnish with  green onion  and, if you like, a sprinkle of Sichuan peppercorns. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Bhutani Appetizers, Chinese egg noodle Recipes, Egg noodle Recipes, Fettuccine Recipes, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Add category