Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Coconut_water


 Browse All Coconut water Recipes   
       Coconut water     
 Coconut water  is the liquid endosperm inside young tender coconuts. As the coconut matures this liquid largely becomes absorbed into the flesh found in mature coconuts. Coconut water has long been a popular drink in the tropics, being naturally fat-free and low in calories (16.7 calories per 100 g). Due to its sterility, pH, mineral, and sugar content, coconut water had been successfully used as liquid in intravenous therapy in emergency situations.
 Coconut water can be found in regular cans, and is also marketed as a sports drink because of its high potassium and mineral content which helps the body recover from rigorous exercise.
 Fresh coconuts for drinking should be young and green, and are generally still attached to the tree. While there are various preferences for the taste of coconut water, generally a green coconut with some age spots tastes good. Coconuts from various parts of the world also differ in taste. For example, Indian coconuts tend to be salty where Thai coconuts have a sweeter water and flesh.
 Once the young coconut has been safely removed from the tree, cutting an end down so it is flat with a knife, and then sectioning out a center hole works well to access the juice. In young coconuts the juice may actually be under some pressure, and will spray slightly when the inner husk is first penetrated. Despite high heat and sandy soil, coconuts can have a reasonable amount of liquid inside. If a green coconut has fallen to the ground, check that insects or rats have not eaten or rotted the coconut, evidenced by an obvious hole or a less obvious but significant dark brown rotted area, which makes the water inside taste bitter.
 Coconuts for drinking are also packaged and sold in many places. These are typically Thai coconuts whose outer green husk has been removed, and the remainder wrapped in plastic. They can be bought in bulk or found individually in places like Chinatown in New York City. As in many places around the world where the coconuts are not packaged, the vendors will offer to open the coconut for you with a cleaver, or you can do the same at home.
 
 
 
 This page uses  Creative Commons Licensed  content from  Wikipedia  ( view authors) .
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/40/CoconutWater.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190119073317']
Categories: Coconut, Glossary, Waters and sodas, Add category