Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Manx_Cuisine


 Browse All Manx Recipes : 
 Manx Appetizers  |  Manx Soups  |  Manx Salads  |  Manx Vegetarian  |  Manx Meat Dishes  |  Manx Snacks  |  Manx Desserts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This article is a stub! This article doesn't contain enough information. If you know anything about Manx Cuisine,  please add to this article! 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Isle of Man- Cooking and Food 
 2   Overview of Manx Cuisine History 
 3   Cuisines of Isle of Man 
 4   Preparation Methods for Manx Cooking 
 5   Special Equipment for Manx Cooking 
 6   Manx Food Traditions and Festivals 
 7   People in Manx Food 
 
 
 Isle of Man- Cooking and Food : 
 Overview of Manx Cuisine History : 
 Isle of Man is located in the Irish Sea among England, Scotland, Ireland and Wales. Once a Scottish colony, the Isle of Man is now administrated by the United Kingdom although it is not a part of it. As fishing is the main economic resource, the Isle of Man’s cuisine includes a great deal of seafood, which is combined with cereals and vegetables. Unsurprisingly, the food is heavily influneced by both  British  and  Scottish  cuisines, but it also shows  Italian ,  French ,  Spanish ,  Thai  and  Indian  influences. Despite this, traditional dishes remain quite popular.
 
 
 Cuisines of Isle of Man : 
       Map of Isle of Man- Click to enlarge     
 Manx cuisine is heavy on milk products, and The Isle of Man is famous for its creameries where delicious cheeses, butter and milk are produced. Seafood is common at every meal, and includes items such as  kippers  (smoked herrings) for breakfast and Manx queenies (little sweet  scallops ), which are usually served in a garlic butter sauce. As for dishes which include meat the most popular are Manx or Loughton  Lamb , which have a unique flavor to go with their bizarre form (they have four horns). People from Isle of Man often serve tea with bonnag, a spicy hybrid of scone and a fruit cake. In addition to these traditional dishes, people from the Isle of Man also enjoy food from other cultures, such as Spanish  tapas .  Like their British neighbors, the people drink a great deal of tea.
 
 Preparation Methods for Manx Cooking : 
 Manx cuisine uses elements from various cooking traditions borrowed from their neighbors and developed from their own traditional dishes. While there are no particular or exclusive preparation methods for Isle of Man cooking, it is notable for its use of spices, the variety of vegetables and cereals it includes, and a desire for visually appealing and well-balanced plates.  Each traditional dish has a special cooking method, which is more or less general in all of Manx’s regions. 
 
 Special Equipment for Manx Cooking : 
 Most Manx dishes don’t require you to purchase any special tools. However, having a  coffee grinder  helps with roasting and grinding spices and maximizes their volatile oils, which, in turn, provides your food with more flavor. 
 Starting from cake pans, can openers, colanders, egg rings, poachers and holders, food dishes and portioners, food pans and food containers to other kitchen utensils, like food scales, food scoops and fryer baskets and accessories, the Isle of Man cuisine needs a various cooking equipment set in order to produce the most sophisticated Isle of Man dishes. You should consider insulated food carriers if you are transporting the food and a full set of kitchen linens and uniforms if you wish to look like a pro. Here are a few other items that will come handy while cooking Isle of Man food: juicers, kitchen knives, kitchen slicers, and kitchen thermometers, measuring cups and measuring spoons, miscellaneous utensils, mixing bowls and skimmers and strainers.
 
 Manx Food Traditions and Festivals : 
 The Isle of Man national holidays include their national day, which is named Tynwald Day (July 5), Mother’s Day (March 8), Christmas Day (December 25), New Year’s Day, and Easter Day. During national holidays people eat traditional dishes such as Manx kippers; after being caught the herrings are cut, salted and smoked with oak chips in order to give them a unique flavor. Queen  scallops  are also frequenctly served for on national holidays with a white or cheese sauce.
 
 People in Manx Food : 
 Many chefs from Isle of Man imaginatively use the fundamental ingredients and cooking method for traditional Isle of Man dishes. They also create original and delicious food variations. Isle of Man chefs are passionate about their traditional dishes and they enjoy presenting them to foreigners who have never tasted them before. Whether they are cooking dishes that go back in time for centuries or brand new, modern dishes, Isle of Man chefs take pride in what they do, and this is readily noticeable in the unforgettable taste of their cooking.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fe/Stub.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20200218045116', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/51/Map_of_Isle_of_Man.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20080516004815']
Categories: Manx Cuisine, British Cuisine, Add category