Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Shrimp_with_Fresh_Papaya_Blatjang

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Blatjang 
 2.2   Shrimp 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Blatjang 
 3.2   Shrimp 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Blatjang (Malay for chutney) is usually cooked, though a few versions are served raw, like salsa. This one makes a wonderfully light and refreshing dipping sauce for seafood and poultry.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Blatjang : 
 2 ripe medium  papayas , halved and seeded 
 2  scallions , white only, minced 
 1 tablespoon minced fresh  ginger 
 1  garlic  clove, minced 
 2 teaspoons fresh  lemon juice 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cumin 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly ground  white pepper 
 2 tablespoons minced  cilantro 
 ¼ teaspoon  crushed red pepper 
 Shrimp : 
 1½ pounds medium  shrimp , shelled and deveined 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1  scallion , chopped 
 1  garlic  clove, crushed 
 1 x ½-inch piece of fresh  ginger , peeled and chopped 
 ½ teaspoon ground  coriander 
 1 tablespoon chopped  cilantro 
 Directions : 
 Blatjang : 
 Scoop the  papaya  flesh into a food processor, leaving about ⅛ inch of flesh on the skin. 
 Add the scallions,  ginger ,  garlic ,  lemon juice ,  cumin ,  salt  and  pepper  and pulse until chunky. 
 Transfer the blatjang to a bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. 
 Stir in the  cilantro  and  crushed red pepper  just before serving. 
 Shrimp : 
 Light the grill or preheat the broiler. 
 Soak eight 8-inch bamboo skewers in  water . 
 Double skewer the  shrimp  on 4 pairs of parallel skewers. 
 In a mini-processor, combine the  lemon juice ,  olive oil ,  scallion ,  garlic ,  ginger  and coriander and process to a fine paste. 
 Spread the paste on both sides of the  shrimp . 
 Grill or broil for 3 to 4 minutes, or until pink on both sides. 
 Sprinkle the  shrimp  with the  cilantro  and serve with the blatjang. 
 
 
 
Categories: South African Meat Dishes, Chutney Recipes, Papaya Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category