Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ybor_City_Black_Bean_Soup


 
 Description : 
 For details, hints and serving suggestions, go to  The Sneaky Kitchen 
 
 Ingredients : 
 8 cups  water  (or 7 if using 14 oz or 15 oz pkg of  beans ) 
 1 lb  black beans , dried (about 2½ cups) 
 2  Ham  hocks or 1  Ham  end or  Ham  bone with some meat 
 2 whole  bay leaves 
 2 med  onions , coarsely chopped 
 2 med green  bell peppers , washed and cubed 
 2 med  carrots , scrubbed and scraped 
 4  garlic  cloves, mashed or chopped 
 1 tsp dried  oregano  leaves 
 1½ tsp ground  cumin 
 1½ tsp  black pepper , or to taste 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 tbsp  apple cider vinegar 
 1 tsp  salt  or to taste 
 Directions : 
 Pick over and rinse the  beans . 
 Cover with half the  water  and set aside to soak. 
 Place the  ham  hocks or  ham  bone in a pressure cooker or in a covered saucepan if you don't have a pressure cooker. 
 Add the rest of the  water  and the  bay leaf . Cook on high pressure for 20 minutes, or in a saucepan, bring to a boil and simmer until meat is nearly tender. 
 Remove from heat. Take out the  bay leaves . Skim off the fat, or run broth through a gravy separator. 
 Return the broth to the pan. 
 Add the  beans  with the  water  in which they were soaking. 
 Add the  onions ,  green pepper ,  oregano ,  cumin ,  garlic  and  black pepper . 
 While it is coming to a boil, cut the  carrots  into 3" long pieces. Slit each one into quarters lengthwise to make skinny three-inch long strips. 
 Add to  beans . 
 Cap and bring up to pressure. As soon as it is fully pressurized, turn very low and cook for 20 minutes. In a regular saucepan, bring to a boil. Cover, and simmer until  beans  are tender. 
 Remove the  ham  to a plate. 
 Ladle about a third of the  beans  into a blender or food processor (a hand held blender works well too) with as little liquid and vegetables as possible. Process until creamy. 
 Scrape bean puree back into the pan. 
 Cut the  ham  from the bones; cut into pieces, including the skin, removing all visible fat. Return the meat to the  beans , discarding the bones. 
 Add  salt ,  vinegar  and  olive oil . Stir to mix. Check seasonings. You may add more  salt ,  black pepper , or even  hot pepper  sauce if a spicier soup is desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Black bean Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Ham Recipes, Healthy Soups, Pressure cooker Recipes, Add category