Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Passover_Strawberry-Kiwi_Sponge-cake_Roll


 
 Ingredients : 
 4  eggs , separated 
 ⅔ cup  granulated sugar 
 1 tbsp  lemon juice 
 ⅓ cup  potato starch 
 ½ cup  matzo cake meal 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ⅓ cup  confectioners' sugar 
 Fruit filling : 
 2 cups  non-dairy topping  must be kosher 4 Passover 
 1 pint fresh  strawberries  stems removed and sliced in reserve ¾ whole  berries 
 2 whole  kiwis , peeled/sliced reserve 1 sliced  kiwi  for garnish 
 fresh  mint  leaves for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Sponge cake roll : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Grease a 10x15" jelly roll pan. 
 Cover with greased wax paper. 
 In a large bowl, beat the  egg whites  with an electric mixer at high speed until soft peaks form. 
 Gradually add ⅓ cup of  granulated sugar , beating until stiff peaks form. 
 In a small bowl, beat  egg yolks  with an electric mixer at high speed until thick and lemon-colored (about 5 minutes). 
 Gradually add the remaining ⅓ cup of  sugar , beating constantly. 
 Stir in  lemon juice . 
 Gently fold the  egg yolk  mixture into the egg-white mixture. 
 Sift together  potato starch , matzo cake meal and  salt . 
 Gently fold the dry ingredients, half at a time, into the  egg  mixture until just blended. 
 Spread batter evenly in jelly-roll pan and bake 15 minutes or until cake tests done (wooden toothpick inserted in center will come out clean). 
 Remove from oven and let cool for 5 minutes. 
 Turn out of pan onto a clean,cotton kitchen towel that has been sprinkled generously with ⅓ cup confectioners  sugar . 
 Roll up the cake and twirl together from the long end. 
 Let cool completely. 
 Refrigerate (rolled up) while you prepare filling. 
 Fruit filling : 
 Place 1 cup non-dairy topping in a bowl (reserve 1 cup for icing) and fold in sliced  strawberries  and  kiwi . 
 To assemble : 
 Unroll sponge cake and spread fruit- cream  filling evenly over cake. 
 Roll cake very carefully and place on ungreased cookie sheet, seam side down. 
 Cover with clear wrap and refrigerate. 
 Just before serving,  ice  to and sides of filled cake with reserved topping. 
 Garnish with sliced  kiwi , whole  strawberries  and  mint  leaves. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cake Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Kiwi Recipes, Matzo meal Recipes, Passover Desserts, Potato starch Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Add category