Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Barbeque_Rack_of_Lamb_with_Mint

Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 Yield: 8 Portions 
 Ingredients : 
 For the meat base : 
 1 rack of  lamb  (full  rack , split, chin off - 18 bones) 
 1 tbsp cracked  black peppercorns 
 2 tbsp  olive oil , extra virgin 
 Asian Barbecue Sauce : 
 4 cup  red wine 
 6 cup  rice wine vinegar 
 ¾ lb golden  brown sugar 
 2 cup  sake 
 2 each  cinnamon  sticks 
 1 each  star anise 
 1 pinch  chile flakes 
 1 each  bay leaf 
 2 oz  ginger 
 soy sauce , to taste 
 Mint vinaigrette : 
 1 each  egg yolk 
 1 tbsp  Dijon mustard 
 1 tbsp chopped  ginger 
 2 cloves fresh  garlic , peeled 
 1 cup  safflower  or other  vegetable oil 
 ¼  lemon , juice only 
 1 bunch  mint , (1½ cups leaves only) 
 6 sprigs  cilantro 
 1 tbsp. vinegar 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Soy-ginger vinaigrette : 
 1 tbsp. finely chopped  shallots 
 1 tbsp. finely chopped  ginger 
 1 tbsp. finely minced  garlic 
 ½ cup  soy sauce 
 ½ cup freshly-squeezed  lime juice 
 1 cup  peanut oil 
 1½ tbsp.  sesame oil 
 1 tbsp. vinegar 
 salt  and fresh  pepper  to taste 
 Crispy potato sticks : 
 2 baking  potatoes , peeled and cut into julienne 
 2 qts.  peanut oil 
 salt  and fresh  pepper  to taste 
 2 cup mixed baby lettuces ( radicchio ,  endive  and  arugula ) 
 Directions : 
 Asian Barbecue Sauce : 
 Heat 2 cups of  red wine ,  rice wine vinegar  and  brown sugar  in a  saucepan . 
 Simmer slowly until reduced to a syrupy consistency. 
 Combine the remaining 2 cups of  red wine ,  sake ,  cinnamon  sticks,  star anise ,  chili flakes ,  bay leaf  and  ginger . 
 Bring to a boil then simmer until reduced to about ¼ of original volume. 
 Combine the contents of both pots and add  soy sauce  to taste. 
 The total volume should be about 2 cups. 
 Mint vinaigrette : 
 In a food processor, add the  egg  yolk,  mustard ,  ginger ,  garlic ,  vinegar ,  salt , and  pepper . 
 Process well to chop  garlic  and  ginger  finely then slowly add the  oil  until it is all incorporated. 
 If the sauce becomes too thick, thin it with  water . 
 Add the  mint  and finish with the  lemon juice . 
 If it is still too thick add more  water  and adjust the  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Soy-ginger vinaigrette : 
 Place the  shallots ,  ginger ,  garlic ,  soy sauce , vinegar, and  lime juice  in the bowl of blender or food processor. 
 Process for a minute. 
 Strain mixture into a  bowl . 
 Slowly whisk in oils. 
 Season to taste with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Crispy potato sticks : 
 Heat the  oil  to 350° F and fry the  potatoes  until golden brown. 
 Let drain on paper towels. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Lamb : 
 Make sure that all fat cover and bone fragments are removed from the  lamb  racks. 
 Rub well with the  olive oil  and season well with  salt ,  pepper  and  rosemary . 
 Allow to come to room temperature. 
 Heat a roasting pan or large sauce pan, very hot. 
 Add a few drops of  oil  and sear the  lamb  racks on all sides until brown. 
 Baste the racks with the barbecue sauce and place the  lamb  racks, bone side down, into the hot pan and roast at 400°F for ten minutes. 
 Remove from the heat, brush with sauce and return to the heat until medium rare or to desired doneness. 
 The total cooking time should be 10 to 20 minutes depending on how heavily seared and how done you want them. 
 When they are fully cooked, brush them one more time with the barbecue sauce on both sides. 
 Allow the  lamb  to rest at room temperature after roasting for about 15 minutes. 
 Presentation: toss the mixed baby greens in a small amount of the soy-ginger vinaigrette with the french fries. 
 Spoon the  mint  vinaigrette around the outside of the plate well. 
 Place the greens/French fries in the center of the plate. 
 Cut the  lamb  into chops and brush lightly with the barbecue sauce. 
 Place the chops in a triangle around the greens. Serve plain or with rice. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/5e/Rack-of-lamb-with-mint-pesto-recipe-01.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130614182601']
Categories: Barbecue Recipes, Lamb rack Recipes, Potato Recipes, World Recipes, Meat Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Add category