Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegtable_Kurma


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Paste 
 5   masala 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup green or  string beans , finely chopped 
 1 cup  carrots , finely chopped 
 2  potatoes , finely cubed 
 1/2 cup  green peas 
 1 large  tomato  chopped 
 salt  (to taste) 
 2 tablespoon  ghee 
 2  bay leaves 
 2 whole dried red chilies 
 2 cloves 
 1/2 bunch  cilantro  leaves for garnish 
 1/2 cup  coconut  flakes 
 7 green chilies 
 1 small  Onion , chopped 
 1/2 inch  fresh ginger 
 1/2 tsp  turmeric  powder 
 1 bunch  cilantro  leaves 
 a little  water 
 1 tablespoon  cumin  seeds 
 1 inch  cinnamon  stick 
 6 whole cloves 
 2 pods  cardamom 
 1 tablespoon  poppy seeds 
 Directions : 
 Paste : 
 Place all the ingredients from the  coconut  to the  water  in an electric blender, adding only a little  water . Blend into a fine paste. 
 masala : 
 Place the  cumin  seeds,  cinnamon  bark, cloves,  cardamom  pods, and  poppy seeds  in a heavy pan. 
 Dry roast them until they give off a strong aroma. 
 Remove from flame and cool. 
 Grind to a fine powder in a blender and set aside. 
 Peel and prepare vegetables as necessary. Place them in a heavy saucepan. 
 Add just enough  water  to cover the vegetables. 
 Cover pan with a lid and cook until the vegetables are tender. 
 Now add the chopped  tomatoes  and  salt  to taste. Simmer for 3–4 minutes. 
 Add 3-4 cups  water  depending on how thick you want the stew. 
 Bring to boiling point. 
 Add the paste. Stir thoroughly before sprinkling in the  masala  powder. 
 Heat the  ghee  in a heavy frying pan or skillet. 
 Saute the  bay leaves , red chilies and cloves until the chilies are a nice brown but not burnt. 
 Now, add the perfumed  ghee  into the Kurma. 
 Garnish with  cilantro  leaves. 
 Serve hot with  rice ,  chapatis  or  puris . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cardamom Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Indian Recipes, Masala Recipes, Pea Recipes, Poppy seed Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category