Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/A_Private_Owners_Guide_to_Bottling_Fine_Whisky

Contents 
 
 1   Bottling fine whisky 
 2   Syndicates 
 3   Bonded Storage 
 4   About the author 
 
 
 Bottling fine whisky : 
 The majority of private owners of  whisky  casks are looking for an assessment of their options. The purpose of this article is to help answer questions that private owners may have about bottling their  whisky  casks.
 Its always recommended that private owners bottle at cask strength as this minimises the number of bottles that you get making it cheaper for bottling and requiring less storage space. The materials needed for a single  malt  presentation include: tall round clear bottle, varnished wood topp stopper cork, gold coloured pure tin capsule and plain white outer cases. For private owners the use of a simple black and white label would be sufficient. On it would be your name, distillery from which the cask originated and the cask details including date of fill, cask number, strength etc. If you plan to print your own be aware that labels printed on ink jet computer printers are likely to have the ink run if the  whisky  is spilled on the label. A colour laser printer is however a very good option for short run label production.
 The typical hogshead cask will yield around 280 bottles at a strength close to 60% alcohol. If you were to bottle at 40% this would entail the addition of around 120 litres of  water  and would require an extra 171 bottles to contain the increased bulk volume. It would also mean that the  whisky  would need to be chill filtered to maintain it's clarity and brightness as the reduction in strength causes the  whisky  to become cloudy. Chill filtration impairs the flavour of the  whisky  and is therefore avoided by purveyors of fine  malt   Scotch  and it is normal for such products to be bottled at such high strength, i.e. 46% or more.
 There are options for defraying or deferring some of the costs involved:
 
 Syndicates : 
 Many people form a syndicate with family or friends. This reduces the cost burden but of course you get less of the  whisky . This is not usually a problem as it will take five years to get through one cask at a bottle per week. A private syndicate who are not buying and selling can be treated in the same way as an individual private owner and does not currently need to be registered with Customs & Excise.
 
 Bonded Storage : 
 The majority of the expense when bottling is incurred in the form of duty and VAT which is also levied on the duty. You can choose to store your bottled  whisky  in a bonded warehouse. If you can locate one locally, and they are happy to support a private owner, then you can store the  whisky  under bond and pay the duty and VAT as and when you remove the goods for use. You are likely to be charged pennies per case per week for bonded but please do confirm this with your chosen warehouse in advance.
 
 About the author : 
 Kevan Jones may be contacted at www.craigton.com info@craigton.com
 Kevan Jones is the Director of Craigton Packaging Ltd., they are a small privately owned company that specialises in very short run bottling operations. Craigton Packaging Ltd. are based in Paisley and service UK and international customers.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Whiskey, Add category