Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cherry-filled_Bread_Ring

Ingredients : 
 3 cups unbleached white  flour 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 2½ tsp  baking powder 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 4 tbsp  butter , cut into small pieces 
 2 large  eggs 
 ¼ cup  milk 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 Filling : 
 ½ cup  blanched almonds , toasted 
 2 cups  dried cherries 
 ⅓ cup  honey 
 ¼ cup  orange juice 
 1 tsp grated  orange zest 
 1 tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ⅛ tsp ground  cloves 
 1 large  egg white , lightly beaten 
 Directions : 
 In large bowl, combine  flour ,  sugar ,  baking powder  and  salt . 
 With an electric mixer at low speed, blend in  butter . 
 In small bowl, mix  eggs ,  milk ,  oil  and  vanilla . 
 Add to  flour  mixture and beat just until blended. 
 Gather dough into a ball, dust with  flour , flatten into disk and wrap well. 
 Refrigerate overnight. 
 Filling : 
 In food processor, combine all ingredients, except  egg  white, and process until coarsely chopped and blended. 
 Cover and let sit overnight at room temperature. 
 Assembly : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Grease baking sheet. 
 Roll dough out between two sheets of plastic wrap or waxed paper into an 18 x 9-inch rectangle. 
 Remove top sheet. 
 Trim 1-inch piece off each long edge and set aside 
 Spoon filling in a 2-inch wide strip lengthwise down center of dough. 
 Lift plastic wrap at one long edge and fold dough over half of filling. 
 Fold the other side over filling and press edges together to seal. 
 Invert seam-side down onto prepared baking sheet; remove plastic. 
 Pinch the two ends together to form a ring. 
 With sharp knife or small cookie cutter, cut out reserved trimmings in leaf shapes. 
 Brush bread ring with  egg  white and decorate with cut out dough. 
 Brush with  egg  white again. 
 Bake until lightly golden, 30 to 40 minutes. 
 Let cool 10 minutes on baking sheet. 
 Transfer to wire rack and let cool completely. 
 
 
 
Categories: Sweet bread Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Honey Recipes, Almond extract Recipes, Almond Recipes, Dried cherry Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category