Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Barbecue_Sauce_for_any_Meat

Description : 
 From my Cousin Bethany’s collection. She tells me she got this recipe from a chef who won a barbecue cook-off in Xenia Ohio in 1968. 
 
 Contributed by  Cat's Recipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 2 teaspoons freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon  onion powder 
 ½ teaspoon  white pepper 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon  garlic powder 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cayenne pepper 
 ½ pound  bacon , minced 
 2 cups  beef stock 
 1 cup  honey 
 5 tablespoons fresh  orange juice 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 2 tablespoon minced  garlic 
 4 tablespoon  unsalted butter 
 1½ cups chopped  white onions 
 1½ cup bottled  chili sauce 
 ¾ cup dry roasted  pecans , chopped 
 1 rind and pulp from ½  orange 
 1 rind and pulp from ¼  lemon 
 1 teaspoon  Tabasco sauce 
 Directions : 
 Combine the seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl and set aside. 
 In a 2-quart saucepan fry the  bacon  over high heat until crisp. 
 Stir in the  onions , cover pan, and continue cooking until  onions  are dark brown, but not burned, about 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Stir in the seasoning mix and cook about 1 minute. 
 Add the stock,  chili sauce ,  honey ,  pecans ,  orange  juice,  lemon  juice,  orange  and  lemon  rinds and pulp,  garlic , and  Tabasco , stirring well. 
 Reduce heat to low; continue cooking about 10 minutes, stirring frequently. 
 Remove  orange  and  lemon  rinds. 
 Continue cooking and stirring about 15 minutes more to let the flavors marry. 
 Add the  butter  and stir until melted. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Let cool about 30 minutes, then pour into a food processor or blender and process until  pecans  and  bacon  are finely chopped, about 10 to 15 seconds. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Barbecue sauce Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Honey Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Add category