Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Nicoise_Tuna_Sandwich

Ingredients : 
 ¼ of  white onion , thinly sliced 
 ⅛ of a small  red onion , thinly sliced 
 2 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil , plus additional for drizzling 
 1 tablespoon  red wine vinegar , plus additional to taste 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt , plus additional to taste 
 black pepper  to taste 
 1 x 6-ounce can  tuna  packed in  olive oil  (see above) including  olive oil 
 lemon juice  to taste 
 2 kaiser rolls, plain 
 lettuce  leaves, combination of Boston, green-leaf, or other green leafy  lettuce 
 8  tomato  slices 
 6 – 8 hard-boiled  eggs  slices 
 4  anchovy  fillets, drained 
 niçoise olives 
 scallions , chopped 
 radishes , sliced 
 Directions : 
 Combine the red and white  onion  with 2 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil ,1 tablespoon red- wine vinegar , ¼ teaspoon  salt , and several grinds of  black pepper  in a bowl. 
 Using your hands, mix and squeeze everything together for 5 minutes. (Don't rush through this part; the  onions  need time to release their juices and mellow.) 
 Work in can of  tuna  in  olive oil , including the  oil . 
 Season with fresh  lemon juice , red- wine vinegar , and  salt , then add  pepper  to taste. 
 Cut kaiser rolls in half crosswise and spread each bottom half with  lettuce  leaves. 
 Use a couple of varieties—whatever looks good—for the difference in texture. 
 On top of each  lettuce  layer, arrange 4  tomato  slices (skip this step if you don't have good — really good —  tomatoes  on hand). 
 Then add about half the  tuna  mixture and 3 to 4 slices of hard-boiled  egg . 
 Crisscross each sandwich with 2 drained anchovy fillets and strew with  niçoise olives  (pit them if desired), chopped  scallion  greens, and sliced  radishes . 
 Then drizzle generously with more  olive oil  and top with the remaining kaiser halves, pressing gently but firmly. 
 
 
 
Categories: Anchovy Recipes, Boston lettuce Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Kuwaiti Snacks, Black olive Recipes, Radish Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tuna Recipes, Add category