Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Braised_Lamb_Shanks_with_Pearl_Barley_and_Root_Vegetables

Description : 
 Purchased from Vega Estate in Longview, Texas in 1990. Dated 1964.
 
 Contributed by  Cat's Recipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 4  lamb shanks 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 2 tablespoons  pearl barley 
 1¼ cup  lamb stock  or  water 
 1 fresh  thyme  sprig 
 1 fresh  parsley  sprig 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 5 ounces  carrots , roughly chopped 
 1 large  leek , cut into 8 pieces 
 4 small  potatoes , quartered 
 2 small  onions , quartered 
 salt  and freshly ground black  pepper 
 4 heaped tablespoons fresh  parsley  leaves, blanched and refreshed, to garnish 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 325°F. 
 Heat the  oil  in a large frying pan over high heat. 
 Fry the  lamb  shanks until nicely colored on all sides. 
 Transfer them to a large flameproof baking dish and add the  barley , stock or  water , herbs and  salt . 
 Cover tightly with foil and a lid and cook in the preheated oven for 1½ hours. 
 Remove the casserole from the oven; add the vegetables and a little more  water  if necessary. 
 Season the vegetables lightly with  salt  and  pepper , then cover the dish and return it to the oven for a further hour. 
 Remove from the oven and check that the  lamb  is very tender and almost falling off the bone. 
 If you think that it's not quite ready, return it to the oven for another 15 minutes. 
 Transfer the  lamb  to a warmed serving platter and cover while you finish the braised vegetables. 
 Bring the dish back to a simmer on top of the stove, adding more  water  to give you a nice consistency if necessary. 
 Add the blanched  parsley  leaves and check and adjust the seasoning to taste. 
 To serve, ladle the braised vegetables onto large warmed plates and place the shanks on top. 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Lamb shank or knuckle Recipes, Lamb stock and broth Recipes, Leek Recipes, Pearl barley Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category