Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Asparagus_Chowder

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   For the Parmesan croutons 
 2.2   For the asparagus stock/soup base 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 4   Nutritional Information 
 5   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 This red-hot vegetarian chowder is made with real asparagus, enriched with milk, and topped with toasted Parmesan croutons to smooth perfection.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the Parmesan croutons : 
 6 slices (½-inch thick) Italian country  bread 
 2 tbsp. extra virgin  olive oil 
 ¼ cup grated  cheese  (Colby, Parmesan, Cheddar, or Monterey Jack) 
 For the asparagus stock/soup base : 
 4 lbs.  asparagus , tough ends trimmed, reserve 2 pounds 
 1 small  bay leaf 
 1 large  carrot , trimmed, peeled and roughly chopped 
 1 large stalk  celery  with leaves, roughly chopped 
 6 stems fresh  parsley 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 8 cups cold  water 
 5 tbsp.  olive oil 
 1 Vidalia  onion , finely chopped, grated, or minced 
 1 lb. new potatoes, red or brown, peeled and chopped into ½-inch pieces 
 ½ cup  water 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 ½ cup  milk ,  heavy cream  or half-and-half 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 To make Parmesan croutons: Preheat the broiler. Adjust a rack to 8 inches below a broiler. Brush both sides of  bread  with  oil , and place slices on a baking sheet. Broil for 3 to 10 minutes, turning as needed, or until golden brown and crisp. 
 Remove from oven, and, when cool enough to handle, slice into cubes. Sprinkle with the grated cheese, and broil for 1 to 2 minutes more, or until golden. Remove from the oven and set aside. 
 To make  asparagus  stock: Cut tips off the  asparagus , and set aside for garnish. Place  asparagus  spears in a soup pot with remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil over medium heat, reduce heat to low and cook, uncovered, for 20 minutes. 
 Remove from heat, and drain into a bowl, reserving liquid. Discard solids. Measure 6 cups stock; if you have less, add enough  water  to measure 6 cups. 
 To make the soup: While stock cooks, heat 2 tablespoons  oil  in a skillet over medium-low heat. Add half the  onion , all  potatoes , and  water . Cover, and cook for 20 minutes, stirring several times, until vegetables are soft. Cut tips off  asparagus , and set aside with other tips for garnish. 
 Cut  asparagus  spears into 1-inch-long pieces. 
 Heat remaining 3 tablespoons  oil  in a large pot over medium heat. Add remaining  onions  and  asparagus  spear pieces, and cook, stirring frequently, for 3 to 5 minutes or until  onions  have softened. Add  salt  and strained  asparagus  stock, and bring to a slow boil. 
 Cook over medium heat, uncovered, for 4 to 8 minutes, or until  asparagus  is tender, with exact timing depending on size and freshness of  asparagus . Using a slotted spoon, remove the  asparagus  from the pot, and put into a food processor. 
 Process until smooth, adding stock as needed for processing. Transfer purée to a very fine strainer, and press through to remove tough fibers. Return the purée to the soup pot. Add  potatoes  and  onions , and stir to mix. 
 Add  milk ,  salt , and  pepper , and cook over medium-low heat. Meanwhile, bring  water  to a boil. 
 Add  asparagus  tips and cook until just tender. Remove from heat, and strain. 
 To serve, ladle soup into bowls, garnish each serving with  asparagus  tips and pass croutons, if using. Sprinkle with extra freshly ground  black pepper . 
 Nutritional Information : 
 Servings:  4 cups per bowl
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Asparagus Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, New potato Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Potato Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Vegan Main Dish Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Soup Recipes, Herb Recipes, World Recipes, Vegetarian Main Dish Recipes, Onion Recipes, Bay Leaf Recipes, Asparagus Soup Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Celery Recipes, Add category