Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetable_Paella

Description 
 Vegetable Paella  from the  Public Health Cookbook  by the Seattle & King County Department of Public Health—original source of recipe, public domain goverment resource
 
 Cook Time : 
 Serves : 8 
 Ingredients 
 1 large  leek , white and tender green parts only, halved lengthwise 
 ¼ cup  olive oil , divided 
 1 lb  butternut  or  acorn squash , peeled and cut into 1-inch dice 
 1 medium-sized  onion , chopped 
 ¼ teaspoon  saffron  threads 
 ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 2 cups  Valencia  or  basmati rice  (or regular long-grain rice) 
 2 cups low-sodium  chicken stock 
 1¼ cups dry  white wine 
 1 x 14 ounce can whole  tomatoes , drained and chopped 
 1 x 14 ounce can quartered  artichoke hearts  (in water), drained 
 ½ lb  swiss chard , stems discarded, coarsely chopped 
 Directions 
 Preheat oven to 425 °F. 
 Brush the leek with 1 teaspoon of the olive oil and place cut side down on one side of a non-stick baking sheet. 
 On the other side of the baking sheet, add squash and drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and gently toss to coat. 
 Roast for 15–20 minutes or until golden. 
 Slice the leek halves into 1-inch lengths. 
 Heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a 16" paella pan or skillet and sauté onion over medium heat until softened. 
 Add saffron and cayenne pepper and stir for 1 minute. 
 Add the rice and season with salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring for about 2–3 minutes. 
 Add chicken stock, wine, squash, tomatoes, artichoke hearts and swiss chard, stir and simmer for 5 minutes. 
 Lower oven temperature to 350 °F then transfer paella pan to oven and bake for 30 minutes or until rice is tender and stock is absorbed. 
 Remove from oven and let stand for 10 minutes before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, White wine Recipes, Butternut squash Recipes, Acorn squash Recipes, Basmati rice Recipes, Short-grain rice Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Swiss chard Recipes, Add category