Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baked_Layered_Italian_Spread

A rich, savory cheese spread featuring the tastes of Italy, warm and comforting!
 
 Ingredients : 
 8 ounces  cream cheese , softened 
 ¼ cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 2 tablespoons grated  asiago  cheese 
 ⅓ cup  pesto  sauce 
 ½ teaspoon minced roasted  garlic 
 ½ cup finely shredded  mozzarella  cheese 
 ¼ cup minced roasted  red peppers  (from the jar is fine) 
 2 tablespoons chopped  Parma ham   or   prosciutto  (omit if making vegetarian style) 
 ¼ cup cooked  small white beans 
 ⅓ cup chopped  black olives   or   green olives  (your choice) 
 ⅓ cup chopped marinated  artichoke hearts 
 1 tablespoon minced  red onions 
 1 tablespoon freshly minced  parsley 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 In a bowl,  cream  together the  cream cheese , Parmesan, and asagio; spread into the bottom of a 9-inch deep-dish pie dish. 
 Mix together the pesto and roasted  garlic ; spread in a layer over the cheeses on the dish. 
 Spread the shredded  mozzarella  over the pesto layer, then sprinkle with the roasted red pepper. 
 Mix together the Parma  ham  or prosciutto and the cooked  white beans ; set aside. 
 To arrange the last layer, mentally divide the contents of the dish into three equal"pie slice" shaped sections, then:
 Over one section, arrange the black or  green olives , 
 Over another section, arrange the  artichoke  hearts, 
 And over another layer the Parma and bean mixture. 
 Sprinkle the entire dish with the  onion  and  parsley , and bake in a 350 °F oven for 20 minutes and it's bubbly. 
 Remove from oven and serve hot with dippers such as  endive  leaves or thin slices of toasted  Italian bread . 
 Note: you can leave out the Parma  ham  if you want it to be vegetarian; also, this can be made up ahead of time and reheated, if necessary. 
 
 
 
Categories: Italian Snacks, Navy bean Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Italian bread Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Endive Recipes, Ham Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category