Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Biriani

Ingredients : 
 1 kg meat ( mutton  leg, a lean cut of  beef ,  goat  or  chicken ) 
 1 kg  rice 
 1 kg  onions 
 1 kg  potatoes 
 1 medium size  unripe pawpaw 
 300 ml (1.5 cups)  sour milk  or  yogurt 
 2  limes 
 ¼ kg  tomatoes 
 1 small bulb of  garlic 
 small piece of fresh  green ginger 
 4  cardamom  pods 
 4  cloves 
 2 small sticks  cinnamon 
 1 teaspoon each of  cumin  seeds,  coriander seeds , and whole  black peppercorns 
 oil  for frying 
 1 smallest size tin  tomato paste 
 Directions : 
 Peel  pawpaw , remove seeds, and grate coarsely. 
 Pound the  garlic  and  ginger  to a paste. 
 Cut the meat into biggish pieces and put into a heavy saucepan with the  pawpaw  and  garlic  and  ginger . 
 Add the  sour milk  or  yogurt , and the juice of the two  limes . 
 Set over a low heat and stir at intervals. 
 Whilst this is cooking, grind all the spices together and set aside. 
 Slice the  onions  and fry in  oil  until brown and crisp. 
 Remove from the fat. 
 Peel and slice the  potatoes  and fry in the same  oil  until golden brown. 
 Remove and keep on one side - apart from the  onions . 
 Check the meat to see if it is nearly ready, then add the spices and the skinned  tomatoes  together with 4 – 5 tablespoons of the fat used to fry the  onions  and  potatoes . 
 Mix together well, then add the tin of  tomato  paste. 
 Continue cooking over low heat until the meat is really tender and the sauce thick and creamy. 
 It is almost certain you will have to add a little warm  water  before the meat is cooked. 
 Cook for a final 15 – 20 minutes to make sure all the flavours have blended together. 
 Prepare and cook the  rice . 
 Put a good layer of the  rice  at the bottom of a fireproof dish or casserole. 
 Pour over the meat mixture, and cover completely with another layer of  rice . 
 Now put in the fried  onions , reserving a few for decoration, and cover them with the rest of the  rice . 
 Boil up the remaining  oil  and pour over. 
 Take the sliced  potatoes  and tuck them at the edge of the dish, and across the top, pushing them into the  rice . 
 Sprinkle with the reserved  onions  about 30 minutes. 
 Do not let it become dry. 
 Biriani can be served at table in the casserole if it is decorative one, or else you will have to remove the meat and the vegetables keeping the layers as cooked and serve on a big platter. 
 
 
 
Categories: Kenyan Meat Dishes, Beef Recipes, Goat Recipes, Mutton Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Coriander seed Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Green ginger Recipes, Lime Recipes, Green papaya Recipes, Sour milk Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Rice Recipes, Potato Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category