Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Creole_Christmas_Cake

This very rich cake from the west indies is ideal for those who prefer not to ice their Christmas cakes. Indeed, icing is not recommended. Just tie a brightly coloured ribbon round it and you have a real feast of cake. The fruit and  nuts  are soaked for a week before baking.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  rum 
 3 tbsp  brandy 
 3 tbsp  cherry brandy 
 3 tbsp  cointreau 
 3 tbsp  water 
 1½ tsp  angostura bitters 
 ½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ½ tsp ground  nutmeg 
 ½ tsp ground  cloves 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1½ tsp  vanilla extract 
 1 tbsp  molasses sugar 
 225 grams  sultanas 
 225 grams  raisins 
 225 grams  currants 
 100 grams stoned no-soak  prunes  chopped 
 50 grams  glace cherries , chopped 
 100 grams mixed  candied peel 
 50 grams  almonds , chopped 
 50 grams  pecans , chopped 
 250 grams  self-raising flour 
 250 grams  demerara sugar 
 250 grams  butter , room temperature 
 5  eggs  (size 1) 
 Directions : 
 Six to eight days before you intend to bake the cake, measure out the  rum ,  brandy ,  cherry brandy ,  cointreau ,  water  and  bitters  into a large saucepan. 
 Then add the spices,  sugar , fruit and  nuts . 
 Stir the ingredients together and heat them over a very low heat until the liquid is just moving - do not let it boil. 
 Simmer for about 15 minutes. 
 Tip the mixture into a mixing bowl or other glass or china container and allow it to cool completely. 
 Cover the bowl with a double layer of clingfilm and place in the refrigerator or a very cool place. 
 Stir the mixture from time to time during the next few days. 
 Six to eight days later, preheat the oven to gas 1 / 275°F / 140°C. cream the  butter  and  sugar  together and fold in the  flour  and beaten  eggs . 
 Add the fruit mixture a little at a time until it is evenly blended. 
 Spoon the cake mixture into the prepared tin, level the top and bake in the preheated oven for about 3½ to 4 hours. 
 If you think the cake is becoming too brown, place a double thickness of greaseproof paper over the top of it as protection. 
 When the cake is quite cold, wrap it in greaseproof paper first then either place it well in a plastic cake box or wrap it in silver foil. 
 This cake will keep for a few weeks. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Angostura bitters Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Christmas fruitcake Recipes, Cointreau Recipes, Currant Recipes, Demerara sugar Recipes, Glace cherry Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Kirsch Recipes, Add category