Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Yemista_me_Lahano

Description : 
 Stuffed cabbage leaves, by Karen Mintzias
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large  onion ; finely chopped 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 kg  ground beef  or  lamb 
 ⅓ cup  short-grain rice 
 1  tomato ; peeled and chopped 
 2 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 1 tsp chopped  dill  or  mint 
 ⅛ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 1 freshly ground  black pepper 
 24  cabbage  leaves 
 1 salted  water 
 1 tbsp  butter 
 2 cups hot  stock  or  water 
 1  salt 
 1 tbsp  cornflour 
 2  eggs ; separated 
 1  lemon  (juice only) 
 1 chopped  dill  or  parsley 
 Directions : 
 Gently fry  onion  in  oil  until soft. 
 Mix into meat with  rice ,  tomato , herbs and  cinnamon , seasoning to taste with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Divide into 24 portions. 
 Blanch  cabbage  leaves in boiling, salted  water  for 5 minutes until softened. 
 Drain and cut out thick centre of larger leaves (very large leaves may be cut in half). 
 Place one portion of stuffing on base of leaf, turn up base, fold in sides and wrap firmly into a neat roll. 
 Repeat with remaining ingredients. 
 Place rolls close together, seam sides down, in a deep pan lined with trimmings from  cabbage  leaves. 
 Add stock or  water ,  butter ,  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Invert a heavy plate on top of rolls and cover pan tightly. 
 Simmer gently for 1½ hours. 
 When cooked, drain off stock carefully into a small saucepan. 
 Reduce to 1 1½ cups over heat and thicken with  cornflour  mixed to a paste with a little cold  water . 
 Let it boil 1 minute. 
 Beat  egg whites  in a bowl until stiff, add  yolks  and beat thoroughly. 
 Gradually beat in  lemon juice , then boiling stock. 
 Return sauce to small pan, place over low heat and stir constantly until  egg  is cooked - do not boil. 
 Arrange rolls on a heated serving dish and spoon some of the sauce over them. 
 Garnish with chopped  dill  or  parsley  and serve remaining sauce separately. 
 Serve with mashed  potatoes . 
 Note:  grape vine leaves  may be used instead of  cabbage  - about 40 will be required since they take less filling. 
 
 
 
Categories: Yemeni Appetizers, Yemeni Meat Dishes, Mint Recipes, Potato Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Short-grain rice Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Egg Recipes, Dill Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category