Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Braised_Lamb_Shanks_with_Roasted_Garlic

Ingredients : 
 1 cup dried  cannellini ,  Great Northern   or   navy beans 
 1 large head  garlic 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 4  lamb shanks , trimmed of fat and membrane (1 pound) 
 2 small  carrots , peeled and diced 
 1  onion , chopped 
 1 stalk  celery , diced 
 ½ cup dry  red wine 
 ½ cup de-fatted  beef stock 
 28 oz  plum tomatoes , drained (1 can) 
 2 tbsp chopped fresh  rosemary   or  2 tsp dried 
 1  bay leaf 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Sort beans, discarding any debris. 
 Rinse and place in a large bowl. 
 Cover with cold  water  and let soak for at least 8 hours of overnight. 
 Alternatively, in a large pot, cover beans with  water  and bring to a boil. 
 Boil for 2 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat and let stand for 1 hour. 
 Preheat oven to 300 °F. 
 Remove as much of the outer husk of the  garlic  as possible without separating the colves. 
 Wrap loosely in aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes. 
 Unwrap foil and separate the cloves slightly so that they cook evenly. 
 Wrap again and bake for 30 minutes longer, or until the  garlic  is very soft. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Increase oven temperature to 325 °F. 
 In a Dutch oven, heat 1½ teaspoons  oil  over medium-high heat. 
 Add  lamb  shanks and brown on all sides. 
 Remove from the pan and drain on paper towels. 
 Add the remaining 1½ teaspoons  oil  to the pan, then add  carrots ,  onions  and  celery ; saute for 2 to 3 minutes, or until softened. 
 Add wine and cook until it has reduced by half, 5 to 7 minutes. 
 Stir in  beef stock ,  tomatoes ,  rosemary  and  bay leaf . 
 Peel half the roasted  garlic  cloves and add to the pan; bring to a boil. 
 Return the meat to the pan, cover tightly and place in the oven. 
 Bake for 1½ to 2 hours, turning the shanks occasionally, or until the meat is very tender. 
 Meanwhile, drain beans and place in a large heavy pot. 
 Add  water  to cover by about 4 inches and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the beans are tender. Drain (this recipe can be prepared ahead to this point. 
 Cover and refrigerate the stew and beans separately for up to 2 days. 
 Lift off fat that has solidified on the surface of the stew and reheat before proceeding). 
 With tongs, transfer the shanks to a plate, cover and keep warm. 
 Remove  bay leaf  from the sauce and skim off fat. 
 Boil the sauce for about 5 minutes, or until slightly thickened. 
 Peel the remaining roasted  garlic  and add to the sauce along with the drained beans. 
 Heat through and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Mound the bean mixture on a platter and place the  lamb  shanks on top. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Serves Calories: 445 per serving; protein: 40 grams; fat: 10 grams; carbohydrate: 46 grams; sodium: 518 milligrams; cholesterol: 89 milligrams
 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Cannellini bean Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Great Northern bean Recipes, Lamb shank or knuckle Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Navy bean Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Add category