Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Greek_Cuisine


 Browse All Greek Recipes :  Greek Appetizers  |  Greek Beverages  |  Greek Soups  |  Greek Salads  |  Greek Vegetarian  |  Greek Meat Dishes  |  Greek Snacks  |  Greek Desserts 
 
       Greece     
 
 
 
 
 
 This article is a stub! This article doesn't contain enough information. If you know anything about Greek Cuisine,  please add to this article! 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Greece - Cooking and Food 
 2   Overview of Greek Cuisine History 
 3   Cuisines of Greece 
 4   Preparation Methods for Greek Cooking 
 5   Special Equipment for Greek Cooking 
 6   Greek Food Traditions and Festivals 
 7   People in Greek Food 
 8   More about Greek Culture 
 
 
 Greece - Cooking and Food : 
 Overview of Greek Cuisine History : 
 It is well known that Greek Cuisine rules the cuisines from the entire world, so it is no surprise to find out that the first cookery book was written in 330 B.C by the Greek food gourmet, Archestratos. While other countries have a cuisine strongly influenced by different cultures, Greek cuisine seems to exist since 350 B.C, when Alexander the Great extended the Greek empire.
 Due to its history and geography, the Greek style of cooking is typical of Mediterranean cuisine, having also influences from Italy, the Balkans, and Middle East. Even though  Wheat  is the main  grain  is this country,  Barley  is also grown here. The most important vegetables which grow in Greece are potatoes, green beans,  tomatoes ,  Eggplant , onions, and  okra . Here the terrain generally favours the production of goats and sheep over cattle, and this is the reason why  Beef  dishes tend to be a rarity by comparison. In coastal regions and on the islands, fish dishes are very popular. Greek food has always a special taste and this is given by the regional produced  olive oil . The hearty spirit of the Greek cuisine does not agree with too much refinement. According to their tradition, the Greeks prefer to serve their dishes warm rather than hot. In Greece, the traditional meat of festivals and holidays is  Lamb , but  Beef ,  Pork , or poultry are considered to be very delicious, as well.
 
 Cuisines of Greece : 
       Map of Greece - Click to enlarge     
 Nowadays, because of the many invasions which took place throughout history, Greek dishes have Turkish names such as Baklava, Moussaka while in the western part of the country, a lot of food names have a distinctive Italian flavour, like pastitsada. Nevertheless, the history of Greece cannot be forgotten as long as Greeks have always given a great importance to the preparation an appreciation of fresh food, as a symbol of respect and friendship. Greece has a warm and dry climate which offers real good growing conditions for olive and  lemon  trees and this aspect is essential as lemons and  olive oil  represent an important part of the Greek diet.  oregano ,  garlic ,  basil ,  thyme , courgettes and aubergines are widely used, as well, while honey is the main ingredient in flavouring desserts like Theepless and Baklava. Another specialty ingredient in Greek cuisine is  feta  cheese.
 
 Preparation Methods for Greek Cooking : 
 Because of the intimidating Greek language, the way in which dishes are prepared seems to be extremely complex. Despite this, Greek foods are prepared using basic cooking methods and in most of the cases the name of the dish tells how it is prepared.
 Greek foods are never smoked in home cooking and they can be fried, boiled, stewed, baked, roasted, simmered, grilled, pickled, sautéed, pureed, preserved, or poached. They have names like: Kapama, which is stovetop meat or poultry casserole in a spicy and sweet  tomato  sauce; Kokkinisto, stovetop meat or poultry casserole in a  tomato  sauce; Ladera which consists of stovetop vegetable or  rice  casseroles cooked with  olive oil ; Ogkraten, a Greek version of “au gratin” baked with a béchamel sauce and sprinkled cheese; Pane which is fried after dipping in  egg ,  flour , and crumbs; Stifatho, stewed with lots of pearl onions, and Sto fourno, which is baked and it literally means “in the oven”.
 
 Special Equipment for Greek Cooking : 
 People in Greece are strongly tied to their birthplace and they feel a tremendous love for it. It does not matter the region the recipes come from as long as they are consumed fresh, and picked fresh in season. Greek food is really healthy as most of the meals here contain plant protein. Even children get involved in Greek cuisine, by helping women gather herbs, wild greens, knead and bake bread, make cheese, or prepare meals. Most Greek dishes don’t require you to purchase any special tools. However, having a  coffee grinder  helps with roasting and grinding spices and maximizes their volatile oils, which, in turn, provides your food with more flavor.
 
 Greek Food Traditions and Festivals : 
 The Greek cuisine has been influenced by lots of culinary traditions, beginning with Alexander the Great and continuing with King Constantine and the Turkish invasion. As a result of these influences, Greek cuisine has a lot in common with other cultures, such as the Italian, the Balkan, or Middle East cultures.
 Easter is considered to be the most important festival in Greece. Nevertheless, religious festivals and seasons are also of a great importance. In cooking Easter meal, people use fresh creamy cheese in order to make sweets, then tiny succulent spit-roasted  Lamb  or kid and wild greens salad, tiny raw artichokes,  Fresh Beans , as traditional dishes. However, the main meal served during festival seasons is roasted  Lamb . As for  Pork  and  Beef , they are marinated, grilled and baked, and  Chicken  is braised or broiled. These meals are more delicious if they are served with golden  lemon  sauce or cinnamon-spiced  tomato  sauce.
 
 People in Greek Food : 
 Are you into Greek Cooking and would like to be interviewed? 
 In Greece people are seriously interested in foods and even in their meetings their discussion is centered on food. The truth is that hospitality is an essential feature which characterizes the Greeks. People here are strongly tied to their birthplace and they feel a tremendous love for it. It does not matter the region the recipes come from as long as they are consumed fresh, and picked fresh in season. Greek food is really healthy as most of the meals here contain plant protein. Even children get involved in Greek cuisine, by helping women gather herbs, wild greens, knead and bake bread, make cheese, or prepare meals.
 Furthermore, the Greeks give attention to the details of growing, gathering or preparing the food. For them, discussing about food is as important as eating that meal, so that is why they eat with passion and then discuss passionately about the food. So, it is not a secret that in Greece you will often hear people talking about the preparation of their foods, about freshness or flavours, or even about who brought that food, who bought it and so on.
 
 More about Greek Culture : 
 Other Regional Links: 
 
 More about this country on WikiPedia.com 
 Greece Travel Guide - Travelguidewiki.com 
 Greek Fashion - Wikichic.com 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/ff/Greece.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004516', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fe/Stub.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20200218045116', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/af/Map_of_Greece.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20080516004500']
Categories: Greek Cuisine, European Cuisine, Mediterranean Cuisine, Add category