Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cambodian-style_Spring_Rolls


 
 Description : 
 Makes about 10 
 Ingredients : 
 250 g / 8 oz finely  minced pork 
 250 g / 8 oz fresh  mung bean sprouts 
 1 cup soaked  bean thread vermicelli 
 6 dried  Chinese mushrooms 
 1 small  onion , finely chopped 
 1 tablespoon  sugar 
 1 tablespoon  soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon  fish sauce 
 1 packet frozen spring roll pastry 
 oil  for deep frying 
 Sauce : 
 2 cloves  garlic 
 1½ tablespoons  sugar 
 1  hot red chilli , seeded and chopped 
 5 tablespoons  fish sauce 
 3 tablespoons boiling  water 
 2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 1 tablespoon  vinegar 
 3 tablespoons roasted crushed  peanuts 
 Directions : 
 Put the  pork  and the washed, drained  bean sprouts  into a bowl. 
 Cut soaked  vermicelli  into 5 cm (2 in) lengths. 
 Soak dried  mushrooms  in hot  water  for 25 minutes, discard stems and slice caps finely. 
 Combine all these ingredients with the  onion ,  sugar , soy sauce and fish sauce, mixing thoroughly. 
 If using small sheets, 125 mm (5 in) square, use one sheet per roll. 
 If using large sheets 250 mm (10 in) square, cut in half. 
 Take 2 teaspoons of the mixture and shape into a neat roll. 
 Place at one end of the pastry square and roll up, turning ends in so the filling is completely enclosed. 
 Deep fry in hot  oil  over medium heat, cooking the rolls for at least 2 minutes on each side so the filling is thoroughly cooked. 
 Drain on paper towels and serve warm, accompanied by the dipping sauce. 
 Sauce : 
 Crush the  garlic  with some of the  sugar . 
 Combine with the  chilli  and fish sauce, leave for 10 minutes. 
 Add the boiling  water ,  lemon juice  and  vinegar  and leave in a warm place for 30 minutes for flavours to mellow. 
 Stir in the  peanuts  just before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bean thread Recipes, Cambodian Appetizers, Cambodian Meat Dishes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Add category