Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cornucopia

Ingredients : 
 3 	can	Soft-breadstick dough 
 1 	large	 egg , beaten with: 
 1 	tbsp	 water 
 sugar snap peas , 
 red and yellow  cherry tomatoes 
 Baby  carrots 
 baby  Squash 
 Cauliflower  and broccoli florets 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Lightly spray a cookie sheet, at least 17"x 14", with non-stick  cooking spray . 
 Tear off a 30"x 18" sheet of heavy duty aluminum foil. 
 Fold in 1⁄2 to 18"x 15". 
 Roll diagonally to form a hollow cone, about 18" long with a diameter of 5" at the widest end (cornucopia opening). 
 Fasten end with clear tape. 
 Stuff cone with crumpled regular foil until form is rigid. 
 Bend tail of cone up then down at end. 
 Spray outside of cone with non-stick  cooking spray . 
 Place on cookie sheet. 
 Open and unroll first can of breadstick dough on work surface. 
 Separate  breadsticks . 
 Begin by wraping one breadstick around tip of cone. 
 Brush end of next breadstick with glaze and press to attach to end of first breadstick. 
 Continue spiral-wrapping cone, slightly overlapping dough until there are 3  breadsticks  left. 
 Pinch one end of the 3  breadsticks  together, then braid. 
 Brush bread around opening of cornucopia with glaze. 
 Gently press on braid. 
 Brush entire cornucopia with glaze. 
 Bake 45 minutes in preheated oven or until bread is a rich brown. 
 If parts start to darken too much, cover them with poeces of foil 
 Remove from oven and let cool completely on cookie sheet on a wire rack. 
 Carefully remove foil when cool. 
 If freezing, leave foil in bread for support. Remove when thawed. 
 Put cornucopia with the assorted raw vegetables directly on table and let them spill out of opening note. 
 To prevent this center-piece from absorbing atmospheric moisture, the baked cornucopia cone can be sprayed with shellac or clear enamel. 
 If treated in this manner, the cornucopia will be inedible but can be preserved and re-used. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bread appetizer Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, Christmas Vegetables, Party Recipes, Squash Recipes, Sugar snap Recipes, Vegetarian appetizer Recipes, Vegetarian Side Dish Recipes, Add category