Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spicy_Peanut_Soup


 
 Description : 
 If you eat soup a lot, it's good to have something unusual to pull out every once in a while. 
 This soup is spicy and nutty. The recipe is a mix of Ghanan  Groundnut  and spicy soup. The first thing this soup says to you is "Hey howdy!" with the red pepper and  Cayenne  and then you'll settle in for a nice long civilized conversation with the  peanuts  and vegetables.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large  onion , diced 
 3 large cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 1 tablespoon  cayenne pepper 
 3 diced  celery  stalks 
 2 diced  carrots 
 2 diced medium starchy  potatoes 
 2 red  Thai chile  peppers - the long thin ones 
 3 – 5 cups  vegetable stock 
 8 tablespoons crunchy  peanut butter 
 12 oz  corn  kernels, fresh, canned or frozen 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 ½ cup crushed salted roasted  peanuts 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Smaller dices are better for this soup, ¼" or less is ideal for all vegetables. 
 Remove the seeds and membranes from the  hot peppers . Chop finely. 
 Heat the  oil  in a large stock pot. 
 Sauté the  onion  and  garlic  in the  oil  for 2–3 minutes over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  cayenne , stir and sauté 1 minute longer. 
 Add the  potatoes ,  carrots ,  celery , and chopped  chili pepper . 
 Stir and sauté four minutes more then add the stock. 
 Bring up to a boil then reduce to a simmer. 
 Add the  peanut butter  and  corn  and stir until the  peanut butter  is dissolved. 
 Taste for  salt  and  pepper  and adjust as needed. 
 Reduce heat and simmer covered for 20 minutes. 
 Serve hot with crushed  peanuts  sprinkled on top. 
 The net heat from this soup is not as bad as you might think. 
 The  oil  from the  peanut butter  helps to reduce the heat from the  cayenne ,  red chile , and  black pepper . 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Corn Recipes, Ghanaian Soups, Peanut Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Thai chile Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category