Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetable_Hyderabadi_Biryani

Description : 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 
 Serves 4 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ cups  basmati rice 
 2 large  potatoes  (¾ inch cubes) 
 3 medium sized  carrots  (¾ inch cubes) 
 5 – 6  French beans  (¾ inch pieces) 
 ¼ small sized  cauliflower  (small florets) 
 salt  to taste 
 4 – 5 strands  saffron 
 2 tbsp  milk 
 4 large  onions  (finely sliced) 
 oil  to deep fry 
 ½ cup  yogurt 
 3 tbsp biryani masala powder 
 1½ tsps  ginger  paste 
 1½ tsps  garlic  paste 
 4 tbsp pure  ghee 
 2 tbsp fresh  mint  leaves (chopped) 
 2 tbsp fresh  coriander leaves  (chopped) 
 5  cashew  nuts (quartered) 
 10  almonds  (blanched and halved) 
 2 tbsp  raisins  (kishmish) 
 dough  to seal 
 Directions : 
 Pick, wash and soak rice in three cups of water for half an hour. Drain. 
 Add four cups of water and salt. 
 Bring to a boil and cook till the rice is three fourth done. Drain excess water and spread out on a plate to cool. 
 Parboil potatoes, carrots, french beans and cauliflower in two cups of salted water. Drain and keep aside. 
 Dissolve saffron in warm milk. 
 Heat sufficient oil in a kadai and deep-fry sliced onions till golden brown. Drain onto an absorbent paper. 
 Beat yogurt. 
 Add two tablespoons of biryani masala, half of the fried onions, ginger paste and garlic paste and parboiled vegetables. 
 Allow to marinate for one hour. 
 Heat ghee in a thick-bottomed vessel, add the marinated vegetables and sauté for two to three minutes. 
 Add three-fourth cup of water and bring to a boil, then simmer for two to three minutes. 
 Preheat oven to 180°C. 
 Transfer the vegetables into a thick bottomed handi. 
 Layer the rice over the cooked vegetables. 
 Sprinkle the remaining biryani masala, mint leaves, coriander leaves and the remaining fried onions. 
 Garnish with cashew nuts, almonds and raisins. 
 Sprinkle saffron milk. 
 Place a moist cloth on top, cover with a lid and seal with dough. 
 Put the sealed handi in the pre-heated oven and cook at 180°C for fifteen to twenty minutes. 
 Alternately keep the handi on a heated tawa and cook on very low heat for fifteen to twenty minutes. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, South Indian Vegetarian, Basmati rice Recipes, Potato Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Onion Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Mint Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Cashew Recipes, Almond Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Add category