Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Early_American_Graham_Cracker_Cake

Description : 
 Thanks to Dr. Sylvester Graham, you can bake this crunchy cake from crackers named after him. Graham, who lived in the early 1800s insisted that  whole wheat flour  was far more healthy then white  flour . In those days, it was.  Whole wheat flour  was made by grinding the whole grain of wheat. For white  flour , only the soft inside of the grain was used. The outer layers, rich with vitamins and minerals, were left out. Today, white  flour  is "enriched" with the need vitamins and minerals. But whole wheat is still naturally healthy. So are the graham crackers, made from this  flour . Use them for this one-bowl cake. It's all American. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1¾ cup  graham cracker  crumbs (about 40 crackers) 
 ⅓ cup unsifted  flour 
 2 tsp  baking powder 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ⅓ cup  almonds , shelled 
 ⅓ cup  walnuts , shelled 
 ½ cup soft  butter 
 2  eggs 
 1 cup  milk 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 1 tsp  or  2 teaspoons  butter 
 1 tbsp  flour 
 Equipment : 
 measuring cups 
 medium mixing bowl 
 measuring spoons 
 mixing spoon 
 chopper or paring knife 
 8-in. square cake pan 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 375°F. 
 Crush the graham crackers with hands until you have 1¾ cups coarse crumbs about the size of bread crumbs. 
 Put the cracker crumbs into the mixing bowl with the  flour , baking, and  sugar . 
 Stir with the spoon until they are combined. 
 Chop the  almonds  and  walnuts  into small pieces. 
 Add the soft  butter ,  eggs ,  milk ,  vanilla  and chopped  nuts  to the dry ingredients. 
 Stir the mixture well. 
 Then beat the batter until it is well blended. 
 Grease the cake pan with the  butter . 
 Sprinkle with the tablespoon of  flour  and shake the pan until bottom is evenly coated. 
 Shake out an extra  flour . 
 Bake the cake for 45 minutes. 
 Test with a toothpick for doneness. 
 Remove the from the oven let it cool slightly. 
 Cut it into squares and serve warm. 
 Topping : 
 You might want to sprinkle  powdered sugar  or spread  whipped cream  on top. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, American Desserts, Cake Recipes, Kid-friendly Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Add category