Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bahamas_Fish_Soup

Description : 
 I first had this dish on little Exuma island in the Bahamas, where the locals eat it regularly for breakfast. They use any white meat fish that is not too oily and the small  tabasco  type  peppers  that are very hot. They use the  peppers  in both the red and green stages. Just before serving they will also put a dollop of  butter  on the soup. I have modified mine or Americanized it if you will, by lightly sauteing the  bacon  until it is very lightly browned. I do this only because it looks better than" white" boiled  bacon  to the American eye. I also add just a few sliced vegetables at times for the same reason ( carrots  and  celery  ) feel free to modify the recipe this way if you wish. When cooking only for myself, I eat it the Bahamian way and spicier than most Americans like it. Bon appetit !
 
 Makes 4 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 4 cup  water 
 1 tsp  salt 
 2 small fresh or pickled tabasco  peppers , fresh preferred, red or green minced 
 ¼ tsp ground  black pepper 
 1 medium  onion , thinly sliced 
 2 medium  potatoes ,peeled halved and cut into ½, inch dice 
 4 slice  bacon 
 1½ lb white meat  fish , boneless filet of  halibut ,  sea bass  or etc.. 
 1 tsp  butter , optional 
 ½ cup sliced  carrots , optional 
 ½ cup sliced  celery , optional 
 Directions : 
 In a large saucepan bring the  water  to a boil and add the  potatoes ,  onion ,  bacon ,  salt ,  pepper  and minced chilies. 
 If you are using any  celery  or  carrot , add these at this time too. 
 Gently boil until the  potatoes  are just tender to the fork and add the fish. 
 Reduce the heat and simmer until the fish is just cooked (it will be white and opaque). 
 Add a small piece of  butter  if desired, correct the seasonings and serve at once. 
 Notes : 
 Depending on how hot the chilies are that you are using you may want to use more or less depending on you taste. You will find that chilies used in a liquid tend to be hotter than in solid foods so be cautious. Try to stay away from strong oily fish when you make this dish. The flavor should be light and delicate. For a richer soup substitute  clam juice  for the  water .
 
 
 
 
Categories: Bahamian Soups, Clam juice Recipes, Halibut Recipes, Seabass Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Potato Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category