Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Smokey_Black_Bean_Soup

Ingredients : 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 medium  onion , finely chopped (1 cup) 
 1 stalk  celery , finely chopped 
 ½ medium  green pepper , chopped 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 tsp ground  cumin 
 1 tsp dried  oregano 
 1½ cups  black beans , soaked and drained 
 14½ oz can diced  tomatoes , preferably fire-roasted 
 2  chipotle chiles  in  adobo sauce 
 2 tbsp  sherry 
 3 corn  tortillas , cut into ¼-inch-wide strips 
 ½ ripe  avocado , cut into small dice 
 lime   cream 
 Directions : 
 In large pot, heat 1 tbsp  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add  onion ,  celery  and  green pepper , and cook, stirring often, until vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. 
 Add  garlic ,  cumin  and  oregano , and cook, stirring often, until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Add  beans  and 6 cups  water . 
 Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, until  beans  are tender, about 1¾ hours. 
 Add 1½ tsp  salt . 
 With slotted spoon, transfer 1 cup  beans  to food processor or blender. 
 Add  tomatoes  and chipotles, and process until smooth. 
 Return mixture to pot. 
 Stir in  sherry , increase heat and bring soup to a boil. 
 Reduce heat. 
 Simmer about 15 minutes to reduce liquid. 
 Meanwhile, in large nonstick skillet, heat remaining 1 tbsp  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add tortilla strips in batches, and toss frequently and gently (for best results, use tongs) to brown evenly, about 3 minutes. 
 Adjust heat as necessary. 
 Remove to paper towels to blot excess  oil . 
 Place tortilla strips,  avocado  and  lime   cream  in separate small bowls. 
 Serve soup hot with garnishes along side. 
 Variation : 
 To make this soup in a pressure cooker, heat 1 tbsp  oil  in pressure cooker. 
 Add  onion ,  celery  and  green pepper . 
 Cook, stirring often, over medium-low heat until vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. 
 Add  garlic ,  cumin  and  oregano , and cook another few minutes, until fragrant. 
 Add  beans  and 4 cups  water , and cover. 
 Bring to a boil, lock lid into place, and bring to high pressure. 
 Cook over high pressure 15 minutes. 
 Turn off heat, and let  beans  return to pressure naturally. 
 Remove lid, and add 1½ tsp  salt . 
 Proceed with step 7, above. 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Chipotle pepper Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tortilla Recipes, Vegetarian Soup Recipes, Add category