Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Goat%27s_Cheese_and_Salami_Salad

Description : 
 This is a spectacular appetizer to serve your guests, it looks great and it is so easy to prepare and serve. Just take care sliding your finished tower of  cheese  and salami onto the salad leaves. If you do it correctly the melting  cheese  runs into the leaves and looks scrummy. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 individual  goat's cheeses 
 apricot jam  (preserve) 
 6 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 tbsp  white wine vinegar 
 2 fresh and finely chopped  red chillies , seeds removed 
 2 tsp  powdered English mustard 
 2 tsp dry  white wine 
 salt  and  pepper  for seasoning 
 Directions : 
 Pre-heat the grill to a medium heat. 
 Cut four rectangular pieces of non-stick baking parchment, about 4” x 8”, and place side by side on a baking tray. Slice each  goat's cheese  into three equal portions. 
 On each piece of baking parchment, layer one piece of salami and a small amount of the  apricot jam . 
 Then place a slice of  goat's cheese  to overlap half of the salami and then some more jam, repeat, making sure not to cover each layer by more than half. 
 Finish with the final piece of  goat's cheese . 
 The layers should be off centre to allow the grill to access each layer. 
 Mix all the dressing ingredients in a screw top jar and shake vigorously. 
 Arrange a small amount of mixed leaves in the centre of each plate. 
 Spoon three to four teaspoons of dressing over the leaves and drizzle round the plate making sure some of the diced  chile  is evenly distributed as this adds colour as well as flavour to the dressing. 
 Place the  cheese /salami layers on the baking tray under a medium grill for about one or two minutes. 
 Keep checking the  cheese  and salami portions, when the  cheese  is just bubbling slightly, remove and whilst still on the parchment push the layers into a tower using a palette knife or fish slice. 
 Carefully slide onto the salad leaves in the centre of the plate and serve. 
 Notes : 
 Use firm  goat’s cheese  (Some English varieties are ideal, particular from Somerset) not very soft chèvre. Use dessert spoon for dry  white wine 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Apricot preserves and jam Recipes, Low-cholesterol Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Goat cheese Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, White wine Recipes, White wine vinegar Recipes, Add category