Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/The_Wonderful_World_of_Peanuts

By: Lara Velez
 
 Contents 
 
 1   History 
 2   Peanut Trivia 
 3   Yummy...Peanutty Recipes 
 4   About the Author 
 
 
 History : 
 Before I begin with the history of  peanuts  you should probably know that the  Peanut  is not a nut. The "pea"nut is actually more closely related to the pea. It is a member of the legumes family. Also,  peanuts  do not grow in trees like  nuts  do. They grow on the ground. They start out as flowers, and eventually wind up burrowing underground. Under ground is where they become a delicious  Peanut .
 OK - so where did these little guys come from you ask? Well, they are thought to have originated in South America...possibly Brazil or Peru. When the Portuguese began to explore "The New World," they took  peanuts  back home with them. Portuguese traders took them as far as Asia and Africa.
 In the United States,  peanuts  became popular during the Civil War. Then around the 1900's many mechanical devices were invented to help with the processing of  peanuts . As a result their popularity increased even more. Speaking of inventions...George Washington Carver invented over 300 uses for the  Peanut , including; medicine, ink, soap, shampoo, ice- cream , and axle grease.
 Today,  peanuts  are eaten all over the world. They have become a huge money making industry. In the United States alone they contribute well over 4 billion dollars yearly to the economy
 
 Peanut  Trivia : 
 Americans consume 700 million pounds or 3.3 pounds per person, of  Peanut butter  per year….that's enough to coat the floor of the Grand Canyon.
 To enhance the flavor of a cola drink, Southerners put  peanuts  into the bottle.
 There are approximately 810  peanuts  in an 18 oz. jar of  Peanut butter . The  Peanut  is unusual because it flowers above the ground, but fruits below the ground.
 peanut oil  has a very high smoking point. This allows  peanut oil  to be heated to a higher temperature than most oils, making it an excellent choice for frying. Since  peanuts  are a legume, they reduce the need for additional fertilizers as they return nitrogen to the soil as they grow. HEALTH BENEFITS  peanuts  are packed full of healthy stuff, including; antioxidants, niacin, Vitamin E, monounsaturated fat, bioflavnoids, protein, and they have more resveratrol than  grapes  (which lowers LDL - aka "bad cholesterol") That's not all...Some medical researchers say that they lower the risk of heart disease and provide protection from some types of cancer (colon, prostate, and breast). Well, as you can see there are some great reasons to eat  peanuts ...as if the fact that they are delicious isn't enough. THE DARK SIDE  Peanut  proteins can act as powerful allergens, even in tiny amounts. That is why  Peanut  allergies are the most common cause of death by food in the United States. Some people can have a ruthless reaction just for inhaling the scent of a  Peanut . People can die from very small amounts.
 So, if your allergic to  peanuts ...or think you could be...don't risk even going near them. You can substitute  almonds  or any nut for any of the recipes below. For the cookies...you'll have to make your own 'nut  butter .
 
 Yummy...Peanutty Recipes : 
 Creamy Peanut Butter 
 Crunchy Peanut Butter 
 Mama's Peanut Butter Cookies 
 
Lara Velez may be contacted at  http://www.therecipefinder.com  RecipeFinderMail.com
 
 About the Author : 
 My name is Lara Velez and I am the Editor-in-Chief of The Recipe Finder - Online cooking magazine -  http://www.therecipefinder.com . I am also a wife and mother of two. I enjoy cooking, reading, scrapbooking, and being a wife and mom. Please feel free to email me any time. RecipeFinderMail@aol.com
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Peanut, Add category