Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Goi_Cuon

      Vietnamese Cold Spring Rolls     
 Description : 
 Goi Cuon  is the name of the Vietnamese Cold Spring Rolls, which should be served cold and shouldn't be fried. Pronounced "roy kung", it literally means wrap roll. It is also known as summer rolls, transparent rolls, rice paper rolls. Basically everything except the sauce is made at the table. If you are feeling especially nice, you can make it for everyone beforehand - but that's no fun.
 
 Ingredients : 
 rice paper  (banh trang – the best brand has a picture of a woman on the front; the next best brand has a picture of a rose) 
 meat - any that you prefer; sliced into thin (stir fry) pieces, marinated and cooked before hand
 shrimp 
 vegetarian variations - thinly sliced marinated  tofu  or  tempeh  / thin slices of  avocado  / thin slices of roast  pumpkin  or  sweet potato 
 cilantro  (leaves separated and washed) 
 mint  (leaves separated and washed) 
 lettuce  (leaves separated and washed) 
 cucumber  (thinly sliced) 
 1 cup fresh  bean sprouts 
 vermicelli rice noodles 
 chopped  peanuts 
 Dipping sauce : 
 hoisin sauce  (can be purchased from any Asian grocery store) 
 lemongrass  (minced) 
 a few cloves of  garlic , minced 
 a little  oil 
 crushed nuts ( peanuts  /  cashews  /  pine nuts ) to serve 
 freshly chopped  chilli  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Make the sauce first so that it has time to cool down. The remnants of sauce, if any, will keep for ages (months, maybe even a whole year) in the fridge. 
 In a mid-sized saucepan, soften garlic and lemongrass in the oil 
 Pour in entire contents of Hoisin sauce jar 
 Fill sauce jar with water, stir water into sauce mixture until all water has been poured in Bring sauce mixture to the boil, let simmer for 5 – 10 minutes 
 Allow sauce mixture to cool before serving 
 When serving the sauce, place in individual dipping bowls and sprinkle with crushed nuts (cashew / peanuts / pine nuts) and freshly chopped chilli. 
 Cook the meat (if using). Same with the vegetarian alternatives. 
 Arrange the meats or vegetarian alternatives on a plate; the herbs and veggies on another plate; vermicelli in a bowl and have the rice paper and a large bowl of hot water handy. 
 Soften the rice paper in the hot water and place the ingredients on one end of the rice paper. To make it look lovely, have some chives hanging out and make sure the vermicelli is surrounded/ hidden by food. I tend to go: meats/vegetarian alternatives; vermicelli; herbs and bean sprouts; cucumber; then lettuce leaf. 
 Now gently roll the rice paper tucking the ends in as you go. 
 Dip into your individual dipping sauce as many times as you like! 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fc/Goi_cuon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20050413181529']
Categories: Cucumber Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Meat appetizer Recipes, Mint Recipes, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Rice Recipes, Rice noodle Recipes, Seafood appetizer Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Vegetarian appetizer Recipes, Add category