Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Eve_Pizza_Trees

Description : 
 Every year my kids ask to make Christmas Tree Pizzas, and with this quick crust recipe and toppings idea, it's fast and fun to do together.
 
 Makes 2 trees, equal to 2 x 12" pizzas 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 3¾ cups unbleached,  all-purpose flour  plus ¼ cup for dusting the dough 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 ½ cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 1 bottle bottle of  beer  (12 oz) 
 Toppings : 
 1 cup prepared commercial or homemade  pizza sauce 
 2 cups shredded pizza-blend  cheese 
 "ornaments" made from favorite toppings, including tiny  cauliflower  or  broccoli  flowerets, sliced  black olives ,  onion  rings,  grape tomatoes , or  cherry tomatoes  cut in half,  zucchini  rounds, sliced red, green or yellow  bell peppers , sliced  mushrooms 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. 
 Grease two baking sheets. 
 In the bowl of a mixer, combine 3¾ cups  flour  with the remaining dry ingredients, and stir together. 
 Add the  beer  and mix well. 
 Divide the dough in half, and place each ball of dough onto a prepared baking sheet. The dough will be very sticky, but when you dust each with 2 tablespoons of the reserved  flour , you can easily pat the dough into a tree shape, about ¼ inch thick. 
 Spread ½ cup of sauce on each tree, spreading to within ¼ inch of the edges. 
 Sprinkle each crust with 1 cup shredded pizza-blend  cheese . 
 Decorate the 'trees' by making 'garlands' with the  pepper  slices, and 'ornaments' with your choice of toppings. 
 Toss any leftover toppings into your salad bowl with some mixed greens for the evening's salad. 
 Bake pizzas in oven 10 minutes, then switch trays and bake another 10 minutes or so, until the edge of the crust is golden, and the  cheese  is melted. 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Appetizers, Pizza Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Recipes using beer, Black olive Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, Grape tomato Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Prepared pizza sauce Recipes, Add category