Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mushroom_Kathi_Roll


 
 Description : 
 A treat for children and adults alike. Every day food has to look interesting and of course different to please appetites! Makes 4 rolls.
 
 Ingredients : 
 -- For the rotis: 
 1 cup all purpose  flour 
 1/2 tablespoon  cornflour 
 1/4 teaspoon soda bi-carb 
 1/2 tablespoon  butter 
 salt  to taste
 
 -- For the  Mushroom  mixture: 
 2 cups  Mushrooms , finely chopped 
 3 cloves  garlic , finely chopped 
 1 teaspoon grated  ginger 
 1 large  Onion , finely chopped 
 2  tomatoes , finely chopped 
 2 teaspoons coriander- cumin  seed powder 
 2 teaspoons pav bhaji  masala 
 3 teaspoons dried  fenugreek leaves 
 1/4 cup  tomato  puree 
 2 tablespoons  cream 
 a pinch of  Sugar 
 1/4 cup chopped coriander 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 salt  to taste 
 Other ingredients 
 ghee  for cooking 
 Directions : 
 For the rotis: Sieve the  flour ,  cornflour , soda bi-carb,  butter  and  salt  and make a soft dough using as much  water  as required. Knead well, cover with a wet muslin cloth and keep aside for ½ an hour. Knead once again and divide into 4 portions. Roll each portion as thinly as possible. Cook lightly on a griddle on both sides using a little  ghee  and keep aside. 
 For the  Mushroom  mixture Heat the  oil  in a pan; add the  garlic ,  ginger  and  Onion . Sauté till the  Onion  turns translucent. Add the  tomatoes  and cook till the  oil  separates. Add the coriander- cumin  seed powder, pav bhaji  masala  and dried  methi . Mix well, add the  tomato  puree and cook for a few more minutes. Add the  Mushrooms  and  salt  and stir well till the  Mushroom  are cooked. Add the  cream ,  Sugar  and coriander and mix well. Divide the filling into 4 portions. Spread a portion of the filling evenly on each roti and roll it like a Swiss roll. Cut into 2" pieces and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Clarified butter Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Fenugreek leaf Recipes, Masala Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Omani Recipes, Omani Snacks, Recipes that need photos, Add category