Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bluefoot_or_Mixed_Wild_Mushroom_Risotto_with_Arugula

Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 8 oz coarsely chopped  bluefoot mushrooms , or mixed  cremini ,  shiitake  and  oyster mushrooms , chopped 
 ¼ tsp coarse  sea salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 ½  onion  or two big  shallots , finely chopped 
 1½ cups  arborio rice 
 ½ cup  white wine 
 5 cups  water  or  vegetable stock 
 ¼ cup  heavy cream 
 ⅓ cup grated  Parmegiano-Reggiano  cheese 
 1 cup  arugula  or  flat-leaf parsley , washed, dried and minced 
 Directions : 
 Heat large skillet over medium heat and, when hot to touch, add ⅛ cup  olive oil  and heat until fragrant but not smoking. 
 Add chopped  mushrooms  and sauté gently until softened, stirring occasionally, 10 to 12 minutes. 
 Add  salt  and  pepper  and scrape mixture into bowl. 
 In saucepan, bring  water  or stock to a boil and keep it simmering. 
 Wipe skillet with paper towel and heat again. 
 Add remaining ⅛ cup  oil  and heat over medium heat. 
 When fragrant, add chopped  onion  or shallots and reduce heat to medium-low. 
 Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until translucent but not brown. 
 Add  rice  and stir to coat with  oil . 
 Add wine and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring continuously and increasing heat to medium, if needed. 
 In ½-cup increments, add boiling  water  or stock, stirring after each addition, not adding more liquid until all is absorbed. 
 Stir often and avoid adding too much liquid. 
 After 15 to 20 minutes, liquid should be absorbed and  rice  creamy with a slightly chewy center. 
 Remove from heat and stir in  mushrooms ,  cream ,  cheese  and chopped  arugula  or  parsley . 
 Stir until melted and combined, and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arugula Recipes, Blewit mushroom Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Oyster mushroom Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Risotto Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Short-grain rice Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category