Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ravioli_with_Avocado,_Feta_and_Mint

Description : 
 Makes about 100 raviolis.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound  California avocados , diced 
 1 tsp minced  garlic 
 3 tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 tbsp  water 
 2 cups  semolina  flour 
 4 tsp  kosher salt 
 2 large  eggs , at room temperature 
 ¼ cup whole  milk , at room temperature 
 2 tbsp  water , at room temperature (2 - 4 tablespoons) 
 ¼ cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 cup  feta  cheese, crumbled 
 1 tbsp fresh  parsley , finely chopped 
 2 tbsp fresh  mint , finely chopped 
 ½ cup  pine nuts , toasted 
 ¼ tsp  kosher salt 
 ⅛ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 extra virgin  olive oil  - as needed 
 ½ cup  kasseri  cheese, grated 
 Directions : 
 Avocado Purée : 
 In a food processor, puree  avocado ,  garlic  and  olive oil  until completely smooth. 
 Add up to 1 tablespoon of  water  to slightly thin the puree, but not runny. 
 Cover and set aside in a small bowl and reserve for filling. 
 Dough : 
 Mix the  semolina  and 4 teaspoons  salt  in a medium mixing bowl. 
 Add the  eggs , whole  milk , 2 tablespoons of  water  and  olive oil . 
 Mix by hand or with paddle attachment of a mixer until a large ball of smooth dough is formed and pulls away from sides of bowl, adding 1 to 2 tablespoons of  water , if necessary. 
 On a lightly floured surface, knead the dough until smooth. 
 It should not feel sticky. 
 Place dough in a large bowl, cover with a clean towel or plastic wrap and allow to rest for 1 hour. 
 Filling : 
 While the dough is resting, prepare filling by combining the  avocado  puree,  feta   cheese ,  parsley ,  mint  and  pine nuts  in a small bowl. 
 Mix well; add  salt  and  pepper . 
 Filling will yield about 1½ cups. 
 Cover and set aside, or refrigerate until ready to use. 
 Divide the  ravioli  dough into 4 balls. 
 Lightly  flour  a rolling pin and surface to prevent dough from sticking. 
 Roll out each ball until paper-thin sheets are formed (you can also use a  pasta  machine). 
 Place each sheet of dough on a tray lightly sprinkled with  semolina . 
 Then with a round cookie or biscuit cutter, cut 3-inch discs from the sheets of dough. 
 Place a scant ½ teaspoon of filling in the middle of the dough disc, wet one edge of the disc with  water , and fold the disc over to make a half moon. 
 Make sure edges are sealed tightly. 
 Place the raviolis on a large flat try or baking sheet, lightly coated with  semolina , keeping them separate so they do not stick to each other. 
 Keep the tray in a cool place until all the raviolis are made and ready to be cooked. 
 If the dough starts to get warm and sticky, the raviolis can be placed in the refrigerator or freezer for a few minutes until ready to be boiled. 
 Note: it is also at this point that the raviolis can be frozen. 
 Just before service : 
 In a 6 to 8 quart stockpot, bring 5 quarts of  water  to a boil over high heat. 
 When the  water  boils add  salt , and carefully add the  ravioli  one at a time in batches, not to exceed 25  ravioli . 
 Cook until  pasta  floats to the top. 
 Remove  pasta  from the pot with a slotted spoon and place on a warm platter. 
 Drizzle with  olive oil  and sprinkle with freshly grated  kasseri  cheese. 
 Serve immediately on warm plates. 
 
 
 
Categories: Mint Recipes, Hass avocado Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Semolina Recipes, Ravioli Recipes, Kasseri Recipes, Feta Recipes, Add category