Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tofu_Hot_and_Sour_Soup

Description : 
 Hot and Sour Soup can be prepared ahead of time and frozen. When making the soup, leave out the  tofu . When ready to serve, thaw, add the  tofu  and bring to boiling. When the soup is boiling, add the  egg .
 
 Serves 4 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cake  tofu  (fresh, if possible) 
 2 ounces  pork tenderloin 
 Marinade : 
 1 teaspoon  soy sauce 
 ½ teaspoon  sesame oil 
 1 teaspoon  tapioca starch  ( or   cornstarch ) 
 Other ingredients : 
 ½ cup  bamboo shoots 
 2 tablespoons  black fungus  (wood ear)  or   cloud ear fungus 
 (or 3 - 4 Chinese dried  black mushrooms   or  fresh  mushrooms ) 
 1 small handful dried  lily buds 
 6 cups  water  (or 6 cups  water  and 1 cup Campbell's  chicken broth )  [1] 
 1 teaspoon  salt , or to taste 
 1 teaspoon  granulated sugar 
 2 tablespoons  soy sauce 
 2 tablespoons  red rice vinegar ,  white rice vinegar ,  or   red wine vinegar 
 1 teaspoon  sesame oil 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch  dissolved in ¼ cup  water 
 1  egg , beaten 
 1  green onion , finely chopped 
 white pepper  to taste (no more than 1 tablespoon) 
 hot chili oil , to taste, optional 
 Directions : 
 Shred  pork . 
 Mix marinade ingredients and marinate  pork  for 20 minutes. 
 Cut  tofu  into small squares. 
 Cut  bamboo shoots  into thin strips and then into fine slices. 
 To reconstitute the fungus, soak in warm  water  for 20 minutes. 
 Rinse, and cut into thin pieces. 
 If substituting Chinese dried  mushrooms , soak to soften, then cut off the stems and cut into thin strips. 
 If using fresh  mushrooms , wipe clean with a damp cloth and slice. 
 Bring the  water  to a boil. 
 When it is boiling, add the  bamboo shoots , fungus or  mushrooms , and the dried  lily buds . 
 Stir. 
 Add the  tofu . 
 Bring back to a boil and add the marinated  pork . 
 Stir in the  salt ,  sugar , soy sauce and  vinegar  and  sesame oil . 
 Test the broth and adjust the taste if desired (if using  chicken broth , you may want to add a bit more  rice vinegar ). 
 Mix the  cornstarch  and  water . 
 Slowly pour the  cornstarch  mixture into the soup, stirring while it is being added. 
 Let the broth come back to a boil. 
 As soon as it is boiling, remove the broth from the stove. 
 Slowly drop in the beaten  egg , stirring in one direction at the same time. 
 Add the  green onion  and the  white pepper  to taste. 
 Drizzle with  chili oil  if desired. 
 Serve hot. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Adjust the ratio of  water  to  chicken stock  as desired 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Soups, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cloud ear mushroom Recipes, Golden needle Recipes, Hot chile oil Recipes, Pork tenderloin and fillet Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red rice vinegar Recipes, Add category