Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Coffee_Meringue_Kisses

Description : 
 These cookies - said to have been a favorite with Marie Antoinette - are 100 percent fat-free, and have about 20 calories per cookie. They also have no  flour , so would be good for someone who isn't able to eat  wheat . They will, however, tie up your oven for 3 – 4 hours.
 
 Makes about 3 dozen 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 3 tsp powdered instant  coffee 
 4  egg whites , room temperature 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 ¼ tsp  cream of tartar 
 Directions : 
 Heat oven to 250°F. 
 Use nonstick cookie sheets, or line regular cookie sheets with parchment paper. 
 In a food processor with a metal blade, process the  sugar  and  coffee  powder until the texture of the  sugar  becomes very fine. 
 In a large mixing bowl, beat the  egg whites  and  vanilla extract  with an electric mixer at medium speed, until very frothy. 
 Add  cream of tartar , and continue beating at medium speed until soft peaks form. 
 Increase beater speed to high, and gradually beat in sugar- coffee  mixture. 
 Continue beating until soft peaks form and mixture has a glossy sheen. 
 To pipe cookies from pastry bag:. 
 Fill pastry bag (or 1-gallon freezer bag), fitted with number 6 plain round pastry tube, with meringue. 
 Hold bag upright over prepared cookie sheets and squeeze out meringue,. 
 Leave pastry tip buried in meringue, until you have piped out a round about 1½" in diameter. 
 Lift up tip and stop squeezing. 
 Leave 1" between cookies or, drop by tablespoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet, leaving 2" between cookies. 
 Bake 1 hour without opening oven door. 
 Turn off oven, and let meringues dry in oven 2 – 3 hours more without opening oven door. 
 After the first hour, it's okay to peek just once. 
 At this point you can leave them in the oven overnight. 
 Remove the meringues from the cookie sheet with a spatula. 
 Store in airtight container. 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas cookie Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Meringue cookie Recipes, Add category