Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Salmon_with_Blackberry_Hollandaise

Description : 
 This recipe came from an estate sale. I obtained it when I purchased the family collection from the Smyth Estate in Plano, Texas in 1990. 
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 4  egg yolks 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 1½ sticks sweet  butter 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  white pepper 
 2 cups  blackberries 
 1 teaspoon  Dijon mustard 
 ½ teaspoon  garlic , minced 
 ½ teaspoon  shallot , minced 
 1  lemon , juiced 
 3 tablespoons  madeira  wine 
 1  lemon  quartered 
 fresh  mint 
 2 cups  white wine 
 3 cups  fish stock 
 4  salmon  fillets 
 Directions : 
 Whisk egg yolks and lemon juice in top pan of double boiler. 
 Place pan onto double boiler with water. 
 Whisk continuously until sauce just begins to thicken. 
 Remove from heat and slowly pour melted butter in steady stream continuing to whisk until all butter is incorporated. 
 Add salt and white pepper. 
 In small saucepan combine blackberries reserving some for garnish, mustard, garlic, shallot, lemon juice and wine. 
 Reduce by one-fourth stirring often to keep from scorching. 
 Puree in a food processor then pass through a fine sieve. 
 Set aside one quarter of the reduction for garnish. 
 Fold the remaining portion into the hollandaise. 
 In a fresh saucepan combine quartered lemon and one sprig of mint with white wine and fish stock. 
 Bring to a boil then reduce to simmer. 
 Using a spatula carefully place the salmon fillets in saucepan and poach for 10 minutes. 
 Remove fillets with spatula so that they retain their shape. 
 Spoon some blackberry hollandaise into center of each serving plate then drizzle thin circular line of reserved puree. 
 Lightly draw the back of a spoon across it making a scallop effect toward the outside of the plate. 
 Place a salmon fillet in the circle and garnish with whole blackberries. 
 
 
 
Categories: Blackberry Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Madeira Recipes, Salmon Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category