Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Satay

Description : 
 This is almost guaranteed to be the hit of any  Indonesian  cocktail party. I suggest preparing two to three skewers per person. You can make more if this is your only hors d'oeuvre. Try sprinkling toasted sesame seeds and/or sliced scallions over the chicken satay before serving. I like to make a few extra because these are even better the next day as a snack.
 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 Makes 16 tenders 
 Preparation time: 45 minutes 
 Ingredients : 
 16 skewers, 5 to 7 inches 
 3 teaspoons  tamari  soy sauce 
 2 teaspoons rice wine ( mirin ) 
 ½ teaspoon  curry powder 
 1 teaspoon  olive oil 
 1 pound boneless, skinless  chicken breasts , cut into sixteen 1-ounce strips 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 ground coriander 
 pinch of  sea salt 
 ½ cup  almond milk , or  soy milk 
 1 tablespoon canned unsweetened  coconut milk 
 1 tablespoon unsweetened  peanut butter 
 1 tablespoon pure  maple syrup 
 1½ teaspoon  arrowroot 
 juice of ½  lime 
 ½ teaspoon Thai  chili paste , optional 
 1 tablespoon trimmed and thinly sliced  scallions 
 Directions : 
 If using wooden skewers, be sure to soak in water in advance so they won't burn. In a mixing bowl, combine 2 teaspoons of the tamari, the wine, curry powder and olive oil. Add the chicken and season with pepper and coriander to taste and a pinch of sea salt. Marinate for at least 1 hour. 
 In a small pot over low heat, heat the almond milk for a minute. Whisk in the coconut milk, peanut butter, remaining 1 teaspoon tamari and maple syrup. 
 Mix the arrowroot with 2 teaspoons of water in a separate bowl. Add the peanut sauce, just as it starts to simmer. Stir constantly until the sauce thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the lime juice and chili paste, if desired. Cover and keep in a warm place until ready to serve. Mix in the scallions just before serving. 
 Heat a nonstick grill pan or skillet over medium heat. Skewer the chicken pieces. Grill the chicken until cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side; check to see if they are cooked by inserting a paring knife in the center of the thickest strip. 
 Serve with the warm peanut sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Meat appetizer Recipes, Skewer Recipes, World Recipes, Indonesian Meat Dishes, Add category