Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Double-chocolate_Cheesecake

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 1 x 9-ounce box  chocolate wafer  cookies * 6 tablespoons (¾ stick)  unsalted butter , melted. 
 Filling : 
 1½ cup  whipping cream 
 1 teaspoon instant  coffee  powder 
 6 ounces  semisweet chocolate , finely chopped 
 6 ounces  milk chocolate , finely chopped 
 2 x 8-ounce packages  cream cheese , room temperature 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 1 tablespoon  cornstarch 
 1 cup  sour cream 
 2 teaspoons  vanilla extract 
 3 large  eggs 
 Glaze : 
 ½ cup  whipping cream 
 2 ounces  semisweet chocolate , finely chopped 
 2 ounces  milk chocolate , finely chopped 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Wrap outside of 9-inch-diameter spring-form pan with 2¾-inch-high sides with double thickness of foil. 
 Spray bottom of pan with  vegetable oil spray . 
 Finely grind cookies in processor. 
 Add  butter  and process until blended. 
 Press mixture onto bottom (not sides) of prepared pan. 
 Refrigerate while preparing filling. 
 Filling : 
 Combine  cream  and  coffee  powder in medium saucepan. 
 Stir over medium heat until  coffee  powder dissolves. 
 Reduce heat to low. 
 Add  chocolate ; whisk until  chocolate  melts and mixture is smooth. 
 Cool 10 minutes. 
 Using electric mixer, beat  cream cheese  and  sugar  in large bowl until well blended. 
 Beat in  cornstarch . 
 Add  sour cream  and  vanilla ; beat well. 
 Add  eggs  1 at a time, beating just until blended after each addition. 
 Whisk 1 cup  cheese  mixture into  chocolate  mixture. 
 Return  chocolate  mixture to remaining  cheese  mixture; whisk until smooth. 
 Pour batter into crust (this filled my spring-form pan all the way up but the cake did not run over while baking). 
 Place spring-form pan in large baking pan. 
 Add enough hot  water  to baking pan to come halfway up sides of spring-form pan. 
 Bake cheesecake until softly set and slightly puffed around edges, about 1 hour. 
 Turn off oven. 
 Let cake stand in oven 45 minutes. 
 Transfer spring-form pan to rack and cool. 
 Cover; chill cake overnight. 
 Glaze : 
 Bring  cream  to boil in heavy small saucepan. Remove from heat. 
 Add the 4 ounces  chocolate  and whisk until melted and smooth. 
 Pour glaze over top of cake. Using spatula, smooth glaze evenly over top. 
 Refrigerate until glaze is set, at least 2 hours. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) 
 Using knife, cut around sides of pan to loosen cake. 
 Remove pan sides. Cut into wedges and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Chocolate wafer Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Egg Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category