Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cheese_Samboosa


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 (500 gram) box of  feta   Cheese 
 1 medium  Onion , finely chopped 
 1-2 Tablespoons of  olive oil 
 1 clove of  garlic , smashed 
 1 medium  tomato , finely chopped 
 1/2 Maggi chicken  bouillon  cube 
 1 Tablespoon  oregano  flakes 
 Samboosa wrappers, eggroll wrappers, or  filo  pastry sheets 
 vegetable oil  for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 Cut up the  feta   Cheese  into small cubes. Cover with in cold  water  and soak for at least a half an hour (to remove excess  salt ). In a skillet saute the finely chopped  Onion  in a few Tablespoons of  olive oil . When the  Onion  is translucent, add the finely chopped  tomato  and smashed  garlic . Cook stirring for 2 minutes. Add 1/2 of a Maggi  Chicken  bouillon cube and the Tablespoon of  oregano  flakes. Stir until the bouillon cube is dissolved. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Drain the  feta   Cheese  and add to the  Onion  mixture. Mix (smash together) well. 
 To roll: Lay out a samboosa wrapper (long and rectangular in shape) with a short edge of the rectangle directly in front of you. Place a rounded teaspoon of the  feta   Cheese  filling near this edge. Then folding away from you (towards the other short edge), enclose the  Cheese  mixture in the wrapper by folding the wrapper in a triangular shape. On the side, make a paste of  flour  and  water  (1/4 cup  flour  and 1/2 cup  water ). Moisten the final edge of the samboosa wrapper with the  flour  paste to cause it to stick and keep the individual samboosa in its triangular shape. Place wet ("pasted") side down on a lightly greased plate. Note: if using eggroll wrappers or  filo dough , you must cut it into rectangles before stuffing with the meat mixture. For  filo dough , use a thickness of two or three sheets. The rectangles can be cut 1 1/2 - 2 1/2 inches wide, depending on the desired size of the finished appetizer, and should be long enough to enable you to completely enclose the  Cheese  mixture when folding. 
 When all of the samboosa have been rolled, fry a few at a time in a heavy skillet in one inch of  vegetable oil  until the outside is golden and crispy. Flip at least once while frying to brown both sides. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Feta Recipes, Omani Appetizers, Omani Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category