Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Alice%27s_Luscious_Chocolate_Mousse

Description : 
 This recipe is from Alice Medrich's Bittersweet.
 This recipe is quite easy, especially if you're not concerned about eating raw  eggs  (I've made this 3 times now, and I'm still here! LOL). The mousse is luscious and intense - the flavor of the  chocolate  is the star here so use the best quality that you can find. You may use this as a filling for cakes or tortes as well (enough for 2 thick layers of mousse for a 9" cake).
 
       Alice's Luscious Chocolate Mousse     
 Ingredients : 
 2 ounces  bittersweet chocolate  or  semisweet chocolate , finely chopped 
 ¼ cup  water  or  coffee  or  milk  or ½ cup  heavy cream  (if you want a creamier, not-too-intense mousse) 
 1½ tablespoons  brandy  or  rum  or  liquor , of choice (optional) 
 6  eggs , at room temperature 
 3 tablespoons  water 
 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Place  chocolate  and ¼ cup of  water  (or liquid of your choice) in a medium microwave-safe bowl. 
 Melt  chocolate  in the microwave for 30 sec on high, stir. 
 Repeat the zapping and stirring until chocolate mixture is smooth and completely melted. 
 Stir in  brandy  (or other  liquor ), if using and set aside. 
 In a medium heatproof bowl, whisk  eggs  with the 3 tbsp  water  and  sugar  until well-blended. 
 Set bowl in a  skillet  of barely simmering  water , stirring constantly, cook  egg  mixture until it registers 160 °F on instant-read thermometer (remove bowl from the  skillet  to check temp). 
 Once the temp has been reached, remove bowl from  skillet  and beat with an electric mixer at high speed for at least 3-4 minutes, until  eggs  have a texture similar to softly  whipped cream . 
 Fold about ¼ of the  egg  mixture into the melted  chocolate . 
 Scrape the lightened  chocolate  mixture into the remaining beaten  eggs  and fold gently, until evenly incorporated. 
 If  egg  safety is not an issue, omit the heating step- whip the  eggs  with the  sugar  (omit the  water , as it's added just to prevent  eggs  from scrambling) and proceed accordingly. 
 Now you may divide mousse into individual ramekins or glasses,  chill  for at least 1 hour until set; cover with plastic wrap if you're not serving within a few hours. 
 You may also use the mousse as a cake filling. 
 If you're using very high percentage  chocolate  (70% and above), you may want to increase  sugar  to 4½ tbsp. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7c/Alice%27s_Luscious_Chocolate_Mousse.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004417']
Categories: French Desserts, Mousse Recipes, Bittersweet chocolate Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Liquor Recipes, Rum Recipes, Valentine's Day Desserts, Add category