Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Alcapurrias_de_Pl%C3%A1tano_Rellenas_de_Carne

Ingredients : 
 3 green  plantains 
 3 tablespoonfuls  annato oil  (achiote) 
 2 cups  filling  (may be  lobster ,  shrimp ,  beef ,  chicken ,  turkey — see below) 
 1½ lbs  yautía  ( tanier ,  tannier ) 
 1 tablespoonful  salt 
 frying  oil 
 Filling : 
 A : 
 1  garlic  clove 
 1 tablespoonful diced pitted  olives ,  pepper  or onion-stuffed 
 1 small  green bell peppers , chopped 
 1 tablespoonful chopped  onion 
 1 tablespoonful  olive oil 
 1  bay leaf 
 B : 
 1½ cups lean ground meat 
 1 tablespoonful  raisins 
 Directions : 
 Wearing gloves is strongly recommended. Peel the yautias and remove the rinds from the  plantains . 
 Grate the  yautías  and  plantains  to a fine paste. 
 Add anniato  oil  and  salt . Stir well. 
 Prepare the filling. 
 Place about two tablespoonfuls of the paste on a greased  plantain  leaf (traditional) or waxed paper (convenient). #Spread the mass and place about two tablespoonfuls of the filling in the center. Fold the mass unto itself so that the mass remains outside and the filling inside. 
 Fry in hot  oil  in a deep fry pan until golden brown. 
 Allow to shed excess  oil . Serve while still reasonably hot. Warn your diners that the filling may be hotter than the outside. 
 Filling : 
 Pour the  olive oil  in a medium saucepan and heat over medium heat. 
 Add the remaining ingredients included in (A). 
 Saute for about five minutes. 
 Stir the ground meat into the ingredients already in the saucepan. 
 Cook for about five minutes. 
 Add the  raisins . 
 Continue to cook for another five minutes or until the meat is cooked but not dry. 
 You may want to remove the  bay leaf  at this time. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Snacks, Ground beef Recipes, Ground chicken Recipes, Ground turkey Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Lobster Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Malanga Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category