Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Buttermilk_Rusks

Ingredients : 
 4 lbs  self-raising flour 
 1 lb pure  butter , firm 
 2 cups  sugar 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 3 large  eggs , beaten 
 1 tablespoon  vanilla 
 6 cups  buttermilk , to mix in (about) 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Grease 2 flat, large cookie tins. 
 Use the coarse side of a grater, and in a large bowl grate the  butter  into the  flour . 
 Then use your hands to rub it in until mixture resembles breadcrumbs. 
 Add the  salt  and  sugar . 
 Add the  vanilla  to the beaten  eggs , and stir into the  flour  mixture (just roughly). 
 Add enough  buttermilk  to mix to the consistency of scone dough, i.e. soft and somewhat sticky, but not wet. 
 You should need about 6 cups, but it could be more or less. 
 Have a bowl of quite warm  water  ready, and dip your hands into it. 
 Now form large balls of dough, but do so lightly. 
 The balls should be about ⅓ smaller than tennis balls (sorry, hard if you can't demonstrate!) pack these, touching one another, on the greased tins. 
 Do not pack close to the edges of the tins, as the dough will rise considerably. 
 Baking time depends on a few variables such as the size of the balls—generally about 45 minutes – 60 minutes the rusks should be well-risen and golden-brown on top. 
 Do peek, and don't let it burn. Test with a skewer. 
 Cool in tins, but they don't have to be cold to proceed:. 
 Use a serrated knife (some people simply break up the soft rusks) and cut into shapes convenient for handling—about 3 inches in length and 1½ inches in width. 
 But you will never be able to cut these rusks neatly! 
 They crumble a lot—don't worry, it can't be helped. Put out the crumbs for the birds. 
 Using the same tins, stack them very loosely and at an angle, one row supporting the next. 
 Dry overnight in a cool oven of about 170°F, with the oven door wedged open a crack. 
 They must dry out completely. 
 Next day make sure rusks are dry, cool well, and keep in airtight tins. 
 
 
 
Categories: Malawian Snacks, South African Snacks, Self-rising flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category