Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Belgian_Chocolate_Truffle_Cake

Description : 
 Another great Belgian recipe to serve as a dessert at any moment of your day! This recipe requires good cooking skills but is worth the patience and time! Enjoy!
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 ounces (175 g)  bittersweet chocolate  (not unsweetened) 
 3/4 cup (175 ml)  unsalted butter , cubed and softened 
 2/3 cup (150 ml)  granulated sugar 
 4  eggs , separated 
 2/3 cup (150 ml)  all-purpose flour 
 Chocolate Topping : 
 1/4 cup (50 ml)  unsalted butter , softened 
 1/3 cup (75 ml)  superfine sugar 
 4 ounces (125 g)  bittersweet chocolate , melted 
 1/3 cup (75 ml) canned  evaporated milk  (2-per-cent preferred) 
 Directions : 
 In top of double  boiler , melt  chocolate  over swimmering  water  until smooth. 
 Or place in microwavable bowl; microwave at Medium (50-percent power) for 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 minutes or until melted and smooth. 
 Let cool slightly. 
 In a bowl,  cream  softened  butter  with  sugar  until fluffy; beat in melted  chocolate  and  egg  yolks until smooth. 
 Sift  flour  over  chocolate  mixture and fold in. 
 In another bowl, beat  egg  whites until stiff peaks form. 
 Fold into  chocolate  mixture using a whisk until no white streaks remain. 
 butter  a nine-inch (23 cm) spring-form pan; dust lightly with  cocoa powder , shaking off excess. 
 Evenly spread batter in pan; bake in oven preheated to 350 degrees F (180C) for 35 minutes until cake tester inserted in centre comes out clean. 
 Place on rack and let cool. 
 Run a knife around outside of cake and arrange on serving plate. 
 Spread top and sides of cake with  chocolate  topping. 
 Refrigerate. 
 Chocolate Topping: : 
 In a bowl, cream  butter  with  Sugar  until light and fluffy. 
 Stir in melted  chocolate  and  evaporated milk  until smooth. 
 Spread over top and sides of cake. 
 Serve on large dessert plates dusted with  cocoa powder . 
 Garnish with fresh  raspberries  or sliced  strawberries  and a dollop of  whipped cream  or a small scoop of premium  ice cream . 
 Notes : 
 Can be made one or two days ahead. 
 Cake also freezes well. 
 Other Links : 
 See Also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Belgian Desserts, Belgian Recipes, Bittersweet chocolate Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Add category