Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pueblo_Barbecued_Pork_Roast

Description : 
Real pork, coffee, vegetables, and spices mix and cook well, as they are made with herbs, cider vinegar, and honey to red-hot perfection. You can make the meat bolder with unsweetened chocolate, spices, and sugar, while it is great for lunch or dinner and keeps a glorious taste with the meat, herbs, and spices. 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 1 ½ cup chopped  onion , red or white only 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 4 dried  juniper berries , crushed 
 ½ tsp. crushed  coriander seed 
 1  bay leaf 
 4 large ripe  tomatoes , quartered, then seeded 
 1 ¼ cup  water , warm only 
 ⅔ cup  cider vinegar 
 ⅓ to ½ cup  honey 
 1 tbsp. ground New Mexican  red chile 
 1 dried medium-hot New Mexican  red chile , crushed 
 2 tsp.  salt 
 1 oz. square  unsweetened chocolate , grated 
 4 - 5 lb.  pork  rib roast 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in a large, heavy saucepan and sauté  onions  in it over moderate heat until soft. 
 Add  garlic ,  juniper berries ,  coriander seed  and  bay leaf  and saute for 2 to 3 minutes longer. 
 Add  tomatoes ,  water ,  vinegar ,  honey , ground and crushed  chile , and  salt . 
 Simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Add  chocolate  and simmer, uncovered, for 20 to 30 minutes, until fairly thick. 
 Preheat an oven to 350° F. Place the roast fat side up in a roasting pan and baste generously with the sauce. 
 Roast for about 3 hours, basting occasionally with the sauce and pan drippings. 
 Let roast and sit for 10 minutes in a warm place before carving. 
 Slice and spoon the additional sauce over each portion. Serve hot and plain over rice, or with other main dishes. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/9/9d/1065304643.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004412']
Categories: Chile de arbol Recipes, Barbecue Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Honey Recipes, Juniper berries Recipes, Pork Recipes, Meat Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, World Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, American Recipes, American Meat Dishes, North American Meat Dishes, North American Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Bay Leaf Recipes, Vinegar Recipes, Onion Recipes, Condiment Recipes, Roasted Recipes, Add category