Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Black_Bean_Pistou_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 black bean  Soup 
 1 1/2 cups dried  black beans , picked over and rinsed 
 12 cups  water 
 1 large  Onion , diced 
 6 cloves  garlic , minced 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 8 large  basil  leaves, julienned for garnish 
 Vegetable Garnish 
 6 oz.  green beans , ends snapped, strung and sliced diagonally into 1-inch pieces (about 11/2 cups) 
 2 small (about 8 oz. total)  zucchini , trimmed and diced 
 2 tsp.  Potato  croutons, optional 
 2 cups  peanut oil  for deep-frying, optional 
 basil  Purée 
 1/3 cup  olive oil 
 4 large cloves  garlic 
 1 1/2 cups (about 11/2 oz.) fresh  basil  leaves 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 1. To prepare beans, place them in large stockpot, and add enough  water  to cover by 2 inches. Cover pot, and set aside at room temperature to soak overnight.
 2. Drain beans, and return to pot. Cover with 12 cups  water . Add  Onion  and  garlic , and bring to a boil, skimming off any foam. Reduce heat to low, and cook until beans are very tender, for about 21/2 hours, stirring occasionally. Add  water , if needed, or boil soup down until thickened but not dried out. Season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste.
 3. To make vegetable garnish, cover drying rack with paper towels. Heat saucepan of  water  to boiling, and cook beans for 3 minutes. Add  zucchini , and cook until beans are tender, about 2 minutes more. Drain, rinse vegetables under cold  water  and place on rack. For croutons, peel 1/2  Potato , and cut into 1/8-inch dice. Heat  peanut oil  to 375F, and deep-fry 2 tsp. diced  potatoes  until golden. Remove from heat, drain and set aside.
 4. To make purée, place  oil ,  garlic  and  basil  in blender. Process until smooth, pulsing on and off and stopping to scrape down sides of container. Season with  salt  and  pepper .
 5. To serve, bring soup to a boil. Season vegetables with  salt  and  pepper . Stir three-quarters of vegetables and all  basil  purée into soup. Ladle into four soup plates. Divide remaining vegetables over top of each serving, and garnish with julienned  basil .
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Potato Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Add category