Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gluten-free_Dark_Chocolate-Orange_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Chocolate glaze 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Chocolate glaze 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 A radically delicious gluten-free cake — perfect if you love the flavors of orange peel mixed with dark chocolate. Yes, it can be made vegan with the omission and substitution of eggs and butter (I recommend a tapioca starch egg replacement ratio of 1 teaspoons tapioca starch + 1 teaspoon potato starch + 1 teaspoon ground flaxseed (or applesauce) plus ¼ cup liquid per egg, usually, whisked separately then incorporated, and simple oil for butterfat), but the crumble factor increases tenfold as we are already working without the binding power of wheat flour. But do as you like...It is a great chocolate cake, I always enjoy with a tall glass of almond milk....
 
 Source:  http://www.snowlionz.com 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ – 2 ounces  Baker’s chocolate , melted in double-boiler on stove top 
 1½ sticks  butter , cubed, melted with chocolate 
 1½ cups  rice flour , white, brown, or mixed 
 ½ teaspoon  baking powder 
 ¼ teaspoon  baking soda 
 1 tablespoon  corn  or  tapioca starch 
 1 tablespoon  ground flaxseed 
 ½ cup  buttermilk , or  milk  (any) 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 ½ teaspoon  orange extract 
 ½ cup dark  coffee  (liquid) 
 1 cup  sugar 
 2  eggs  
 Chocolate glaze : 
 ½ teaspoon  orange extract 
 1 cup  powdered sugar , or ⅔ cup if using sweetened chips 
 ⅛ cup  coffee  (liquid) 
 2 ounces  chocolate , Baker’s or bittersweet chips 
 a splash of  milk  or  butter 
 Directions : 
 Melt chocolate and butter over double-boiler to prevent scorch. 
 Prepare dry ingredients together in a bowl, stirring to mix. 
 Mix the coffee, sugar, milk and extracts into the butter-mixture. 
 Then beat in eggs and slowly stir in dry-mix. 
 Prepare an 8 inch round or similar rectangle cake pan with pan spray. 
 Pour mixture in and bake at 350°F for 30 – 40 minutes until center is “springy”. 
 Remove, cool, and top with chocolate glaze if you like. 
 Chocolate glaze : 
 First whisk  cold  filtered water, orange extract and powdered sugar. 
 Then add coffee and chocolate and whisk over double-boiler heat until chocolate is melted. 
 Add a splash of milk or butter as needed to loosen the glaze if it’s too thick. 
 
 
 
Categories: Gluten-free Recipes, Gluten-free flour Recipes, Gluten-free, Casein-free Recipes, Cake Recipes, Dark chocolate Recipes, Rice flour Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category