Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rocky_Road_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   INGREDIENTS 
 
 1.1   Bundt Cake 
 1.2   Candied Peanuts 
 1.3   Marshmallow Glaze 
 
 
 2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 2.1   Rocky Road Bundt Cake: 
 2.2   Candied Peanuts: 
 2.3   Marshmallow Glaze: 
 
 
 
 
 INGREDIENTS : 
 Bundt Cake : 
 2 1/2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 1/2 tsps  baking powder 
 1 tsp  baking soda 
 1/2 tsp salt 
 1/2 cup unsalted butter room temperature 
 1 cup  smooth peanut butter  smooth, not natural 
 1 cup  light brown sugar  packed 
 1/2 cup  granulated sugar 
 2 tsps  vanilla extract 
 3 large eggs 
 1 cup milk room temperature 
 3 Tbsp  Dutch-processed cocoa powder  I used 2 Tbsp black cocoa and 1 Tbsp Dutch-processed 
 Candied Peanuts : 
 1 cup  peanuts  roasted, unsalted 
 3/4 cup  granulated sugar 
 3 Tbsp water 
 1/4 tsp kosher salt 
 Marshmallow Glaze : 
 2 cups  marshmallow fluff  store bought or homemade 
 1/2 cup  powdered sugar 
 2 Tbsp heavy whipping cream 
 US Customary  -  Metric 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Rocky Road Bundt Cake: : 
 Preheat oven to 350F and grease & flour a 10 cup  Heritage Bundt pan  (I use  homemade cake release ). 
 In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. 
 In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugars on med-high until light and fluffy. Approx 2-3mins. 
 Add peanut butter and vanilla, beat until thoroughly combined. 
 Reduce speed and add eggs one at a time, thoroughly incorporating after each addition. 
 Reduce mixer to low. Add flour mixture in 3 portions, alternating with 2 portions of milk. Mix until just combined. 
 Pour half of the batter into a medium bowl, set aside.* 
 Add 3 Tbsp cocoa powder to remaining batter and return to stand mixer. Beat until just combined. 
 Prepare 2 separate pastry bags and fill one with chocolate batter and the other with peanut butter. 
 Pipe the batter, alternating the colors, into the cracks of the Heritage bundt pan, being careful to avoid spilling over into neighbouring cracks. ** 
 Once cracks are sufficiently filled, add remaining batter in alternating layers and use a kitchen skewer to marble it. Spread the batter evenly. 
 Bake for 45-50mins or until a skewer comes out clean. 
 Remove from oven and transfer bundt pan to cooling rack for 10-15mins. Rap the bundt pan against the counter to loosen it then turn cake out onto cooling rack to cool completely. 
 Candied Peanuts: : 
 Line a baking sheet with parchment or a silpat. 
 Place sugar and water into a small pot over med-high heat. Stir only to combine. 
 Wash down the sides of the pot with some water and a pastry brush to prevent sugar from crystallizing. Do this from time to time, as needed, while the sugar is cooking. 
 Continue to cook sugar until the caramel reaches a medium amber color. Do not stir at any point. 
 Add in peanuts and salt and stir for 1 minute to coat. 
 Pour peanuts onto baking sheet and spread evenly. Allow to cool completely, then roughly chop. 
 Marshmallow Glaze: : 
 Place  marshmallow fluff , and icing sugar into a medium bowl, stir well to combine. Add 2 Tbsp of cream and stir until glossy and smooth. Add more cream as needed until desired consistency is reached. 
 Using a small measuring cup, pour glaze carefully into the cracks of the cooled bundt cake. 
 Sprinkle top with chopped candied peanuts. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ice cream Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Butter Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Light brown sugar Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Add category