Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Olive_and_Rosemary_Flat_Bread

Description : 
 Makes two 8-inch diameter, 11-ounce loaves.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ cup  brown rice flour  (see note) 
 1½ teaspoon granular  yeast 
 2 teaspoon  sugar 
 1¼ cup warm  water  (110 degrees) 
 4 large  egg whites , room temperature 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 12 oil-cured  black olives , pitted and roughly chopped 
 4 teaspoons dried  rosemary , or to taste 
 1  egg yolk  mixed with ½ teaspoon  water 
 1 large  garlic  clove, peeled, cut in 3 pieces 
 ½ cup  corn flour 
 ½ cup  cornstarch 
 2 teaspoon  xanthan gum  powder 
 1 to 1½ teaspoons  salt 
 Directions : 
 Stir together ½ cup of the  rice flour , the  yeast ,  sugar  and ½ cup of the warm  water  in a 2-cup glass measure. 
 Let rest in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 10 minutes. 
 Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and draw two 8 inch circles on it (use a cake pan as a guide). 
 Beat  egg whites  lightly, add  olive oil , chopped and 2 teaspoons of the  rosemary ; set aside. 
 Combine  garlic  and  egg yolk ; set aside. ( garlic  will perfume the glaze but won't burn in the oven, as chopped  garlic  would) 
 Combine remaining 1 cup  rice flour , the  corn flour , corn- starch,  xanthan gum  powder and  salt  in bowl. 
 Add remaining ¾ cup warm  water  to  egg  white-olive mixture a stir into  flour . 
 Stir in  yeast  mixture and beat until smooth. 
 Using a rubber spatula, spread soft dough into 8-inch circles marked on the parchment paper heaping it up slightly in the middle. 
 Cover loaves with lightly greased plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. 
 Preheat oven to 425°F. 
 Discard  garlic  and brush  egg  glaze over loaves. 
 Sprinkle tops with remaining 2 teaspoons  rosemary . 
 Using a razor blade, slash tops of loaves into a large diamond grid pattern. (use an up-and-down cutting motion rather than dragging the blade through the soft dough) 
 Bake for 20 minutes, until well browned. 
 
 
 
Categories: Flatbread Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Brown rice flour Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Rice flour Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category