Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mini_Meatball_Soup

Description : 
 Recipe courtesy Rachael Ray 
 
 Show:  30 Minute Meals 
 Episode:  30-Minute Chocolate Blast 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil , 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream 
 2  carrots , peeled and chopped 
 2 ribs  celery , chopped 
 1 medium  onion , chopped 
 2  bay leaves , fresh or dried 
 salt and freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 pound  ground beef ,  pork  and  veal  combined 
 1  egg , beaten 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ½ cup grated  parmigiano-reggiano  or  romano , a couple of handfuls 
 ½ cup plain  bread crumbs , a couple of handfuls 
 ½ teaspoon freshly grated or ground  nutmeg 
 6 cups  chicken stock  or  broth 
 2 cups  water 
 1½ cups dried pasta, rings, broken  fettuccine  or  ditalini 
 1 pound triple washed fresh  spinach , coarsely chopped 
 Directions : 
 In a deep pot over medium heat add oil, chopped carrots, celery and onions and bay leaves. 
 Season with salt and pepper. 
 Cover pot and cook veggies 5 or 6 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 While the veggies cook, combine meat, egg, garlic, grated cheese, bread crumbs, salt, pepper, nutmeg. 
 Uncover your soup pot and add broth and water to the pot. 
 Increase heat to high and bring soup to a boil. 
 When soup boils, reduce heat a bit and start to roll meat mixture into small balls, dropping them straight into the pot. 
 You are making meat dumplings that will cook in the broth. 
 When you are done rolling the meat, add pasta to the soup and stir. 
 Cover and simmer soup 10 minutes. 
 When pasta is tender, stir in chopped spinach in batches. 
 When spinach has wilted into the soup, the soup is done and ready to serve. 
 Adjust your seasonings. 
 Serve soup with crusty bread or  Grilled 4-cheese Sandwiches . 
 
 
 
Categories: Breadcrumb Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Celebrity Recipes, Celery Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Ditalini Recipes, Egg Recipes, Fettuccine Recipes, Add category