Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Samoosas

Description : 
 Fried pastry triangles.
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 sheets of ready-prepared  filo , each measuring 290 x 235 mm, defrosted if frozen, for each of the fillings. If using both fillings, allow 12 sheets of  filo 
 Meat filling : 
 2 large  onions 
 2 – 3 cloves of  garlic 
 25 g / 1 oz / 2½ cm / 1 inch piece of  fresh ginger 
 1 tbsp  sunflower  or  groundnut oil 
 450 g / 1 lb lean  minced (ground) lamb 
 2 tsp home-made  masala  or  garam masala 
 1 tbsp mild Malaysian blend of whole seeds and  curry  spices 
 1 tsp  turmeric 
 1 - 1½ tsp  salt 
 275 ml / ½ pint / 1¼ cups cold  water 
 Vegetable filling : 
 1 medium  onion 
 1 fresh  green chilli , about 5 cm / 2 inches long 
 1 tbsp  sunflower  or  groundnut oil 
 1 tbsp mild Malaysian blend of whole seeds and  curry  spices 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  turmeric 
 450 g / 1 lb  potatoes , freshly boiled 
 1 medium cooked  carrot 
 3 tbsp cooked  peas 
 salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Meat filling : 
 Peel and finely chop or grate  onions . 
 Peel  garlic  and halve each clove. 
 Peel  ginger  and cut into pieces. 
 Grind together  garlic  and  ginger  to form a coarse puree. 
 Put into a heavy-based pan with the  oil  and fry gently until light golden brown. 
 Mix in the meat and continue to fry, stirring, until it is well-browned and crumbly. 
 Add all remaining ingredients then bring to the boil and cover. 
 Reduce heat and simmer gently for 45 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated. 
 Stir occasionally. 
 Leave to cool before using. 
 Vegetable filling : 
 Peel  onion  and finely chop or grate. 
 Slit  chilli , remove seeds and cut flesh into thin slivers. 
 Put both into a heavy-based pan with the  oil  and fry gently until light golden brown. 
 Stir in malaysian spice blend,  salt  and  turmeric . 
 Strain  potatoes  and cut into small cubes. 
 Repeat with  carrot . 
 Add both to  onion  mixture with  peas . 
 Season to taste with  salt . 
 Cool before using. 
 To complete : 
 Cut each piece of  filo  pastry in half lengthwise. 
 Put 2 - 3 tablespoons of either the meat or the vegetable filling on to one end of the strip then brush all the pastry edges with cold  water . 
 Fold over to form a triangle with filling completely enclosed. 
 Continue to fold strip over and over, from side to side, until all the pastry strip has been used. 
 You should now have a securely wrapped triangular parcel with the filling firmly in place. 
 Deep-fry, about 4 or 5 at a time, in hot  sunflower  or  groundnut oil  for about 4 minutes or until deep golden brown. 
 Turn over twice with a spoon, then lift carefully out of pan and drain on crumpled paper towels. 
 Serve hot or warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Malaysian Snacks, Phyllo Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Curry Recipes, Ethnic and Regional Pastries, Garam masala Recipes, Pea Recipes, Onion Recipes, Potato Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Masala Recipes, Add category