Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Brandy_Tart


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   For the tart base 
 2.2   For the sauce 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 This white-hot, tangy tart is mixed and packed with real fruit and pecans and made and topped with brandy-based sauce to help maintain its alcoholic consistency. Walnuts sometimes work for this for garnishing, too.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the tart base : 
 280 grams stoned  dates , diced 
 1 ½ cup boiling  water 
 1 ¾ teaspoon  bicarbonate of soda 
 100 grams  butter , at room temperature 
 1 cup  sugar , white only 
 1 large  egg , at room temperature 
 1 ¼ cup  flour 
 1 pinch  salt 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 1 ¼ cup chopped  pecans 
 For the sauce : 
 ¾ cup  sugar , brown only 
 ¾ cup  water , lukewarm only 
 1 tablespoon  butter 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla 
 ½ cup  brandy 
 Directions : 
 Sprinkle  bicarbonate of soda  over the  dates . Pour the boiling milk over the  dates . Leave to cool. 
 Cream  the  butter  and  sugar  in a mixing bowl. When the  butter  mixture is light and creamy, gradually beat in the  egg . 
 Sift the dry ingredients. Alternately fold the dry ingredients and the date mixture into the creamed mixture, using a metal spoon. 
 Pour into a greased 25-centimeter pie dish or cake tin. 
 Bake at 180° C (360° F) for 45 minutes until dark brown and done. 
 Prepare the sauce and pour over the hot tart. 
 Bring the  sugar ,  water , and  butter  to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the  vanilla  and  brandy . Pour the warm sauce over the hot cake and leave to cool. 
 Cut the tart into equal portions. 
 Fill a large piping bag with 3 cup whipped, fresh  cream . 
 Pipe a large curl of  cream  on each serving. Add a sprinkling of chopped  pecan   nuts . 
 Serve cold and plain or with other desserts. Sell per piece, if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chadian Recipes, Chadian Desserts, Dates Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Recipes that need photos, African Recipes, African Desserts, Central African Recipes, Central African Desserts, Alcohol Recipes, Fruit Recipes, Nut Recipes, World Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Vegan dessert Recipes, Sugar Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Add category