Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pio_Quinto:_Nicaraguan_Rum_Cake

        
 Description : 
 Pio Quinto is a Nicaraguan rum cake topped with vanilla custard (natilla) and dusted with cinnamon. This cake may have been named after Pope Pius V and there is also a Pio Quinto River in Nicaragua but the exact origin for the name of this dessert is not known.
 This is a delicious and light version of Pio Quinto, made with a butter substitute in the rum glaze and egg whites in the cake. The recipe yields 6 mini cakes. Instead of traditional  Natilla  that uses milk and egg yolks, this custard is made with light coconut milk. Like Natilla, it is thickened with cornstarch. The resulting custard is airy and light and deliciously creamy. It is just incredible paired with the rum cakes! Rum-soaked dried plums are also a nice addition and make the cakes look very pretty.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Vanilla custard : 
 1 can light  coconut milk 
 1½ tablespoons  vanilla 
 ¼ cup  agave syrup 
 1 tablespoons  cornstarch , dissolved in 2 tablespoons of water 
 Rum-soaked dried plums : 
 1 cup dried  plums 
 ⅔ cup  rum 
 Cake : 
 1 (18.4 ounce/500 grams) package yellow cake mix 
 4  egg whites  (or use egg substitute) 
 ½ cup rum 
 ⅔ cup of  water 
 ½ cup  vegetable oil 
 1 (3½ ounce/100 grammes) package instant vanilla pudding 
 Rum glaze : 
 1 stick  butter  (or butter substitute such as Smart Balance) 
 ½ cup of  sugar 
 2 tablespoons water 
 ⅓ cup rum 
 To serve : 
 cinnamon 
 Directions : 
 Rum-soaked dried plums : 
 Place dried plums in a bowl and pour rum over them. 
 Let the dried plums soak at least overnight or for 24 hours. 
 Custard : 
 Place coconut milk, Vanilla, and Agave in a small saucepan. Bring to boil. 
 Add the dissolved cornstarch and brown rice flour. Whisk quickly until the mixture starts to thicken. 
 Take off the heat and whisk until the mixture is thick and smooth. 
 Pour into a container and refrigerate until chilled. 
 Cake : 
 Pre-heat oven to 325°F/160°C. 
 Place the cake mix, ⅔ cup rum, 4 eggs, ⅓ cup water, ½ cup vegetable oil, and vanilla pudding. Blend well until smooth. 
 Pour batter into lightly greased ramekins, dividing equally and filling about ½ of each ramekin. 
 Bake the cakes for about 25-30 minutes. 
 Remove from the oven and let them cool for about 5 minutes. 
 Rum glaze : 
 Meanwhile, melt butter in a small saucepan. 
 Add 2 tablespoons of water and ½ cup of sugar. Boil the mixture for a few minutes, constantly stirring. 
 Remove the mixture from the heat and mix in ⅓ cup of rum. 
 Using a toothpick make many tiny holes on the tops of the cakes. 
 Drizzle the cakes evenly with ¼ of the rum glaze. Then invert the cakes onto a platter. 
 Make more holes all over and drizzle the rest of the rum glaze over the cakes. 
 Refrigerate for at least an hour. 
 To serve : 
 Top the rum cakes with vanilla custard, dust lightly with cinnamon, and top with a rum-soaked dried plum. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/2b/Pio_Quinto_1418a.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20100204180142']
Categories: Nicaraguan Desserts, Cake Recipes, Rum Recipes, Add category