Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Braised_Turkey_Breast_%C3%A0_la_Bourgeoise

Description : 
 I make  turkey  breast all the time, not just during the holidays. It's about the only leftovers my hubby will eat. Anyway, if you have a pressure cooker you can cook a  turkey  breast in 25-30 minutes and have it taste just like you'd baked it...with gravy to boot.
 I brown the breast first, the put it into my pressure cooker, add a can of  chicken broth  and  pepper , nothing else. Put the lid on and start counting your cooking time from the time the pressure regulator starts to jiggle. The time it takes depends on how large the breast is. I usually do a half breast for the two of us. Once the turkey is done, remove it from the pan and allow it to sit until you get the gravy made.
 Remove as much fat as possible from the broth left in the pan. Taste the broth, if it's really strong tasting, add a little  water --keep doing that until it tastes good to use. I use Wondra  flour  to make the gravy because it doesn't lump as readily when added to hot liquids. I just sprinkle a couple of tablespoons into the hot liquid and whisk like crazy. Cook it for a few minutes and add more if you like it thicker. The gravy tastes as good as if I'd baked the turkey for hours. Add whatever else you like to it--giblets, etc. I don't 'cuz i don't like 'em.
 Of course, while the bird's cooking, you'll be making mashed potatoes, or whatever. Most of the time everything's done at the same time. I make  turkey  during the summertime this way, keeps the kitchen cooler.
 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Yield: 4 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large  turkey  breast, whole (about 1.5 lbs) 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 20 small  pearl onions , peeled 
 3  carrots , thinly sliced 
 1 large  onion , peeled and minced 
 1 cup  cognac 
 ⅓ lbs  button mushrooms 
 1 tsp  lemon juice 
 salt  and  pepper 
 Description : 
 Melt  butter  in a pressure cooker (open) over high heat. 
 Fry the  turkey  breast, just enough to brown all sides. 
 Add ⅓ of the  carrots  and minced  onion  and saute for 3 minutes. 
 Add the  cognac  and let it simmer for a minute. 
 Add the rest of the  carrots  and  pearl onions . 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper , mix and then cover and cook under pressure for 30 minutes. 
 While waiting, wash the  mushrooms  and cut into halves. 
 In a large pot, bring 2 or 3 cups or  water  to a boil. 
 Add the  lemon juice , then the  mushrooms . 
 Let the  mushrooms  boil for 3 minutes, then remove from the  water  and drain. 
 After the  turkey  had been cooked, add the  mushrooms . 
 Transfer the  turkey  to a large serving plate, then cut into slices. 
 Surround with the sauce of  carrots ,  pearl onions  and  mushrooms . 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cognac Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Add category