Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/British_Christmas_Cake

Ingredients : 
 2 lbs mixed  dried fruit   [1] 
 4 oz  glace cherries 
 4 oz  candied fruit 
 3 oz  blanched almonds 
 10 oz  plain flour 
 1 pinch  salt 
 ¼ tsp  bicarbonate of soda 
 1 tsp  mixed spice   [2] 
 4  eggs 
 ½ tsp flavoring ( vanilla ,  lemon )  [3] 
 1 tbsp  blackstrap molasses 
 8 oz  butter 
 8 oz soft  brown sugar 
 1  whisky  to soak fruit 
 250 ml  milk  (to mix) 
 Directions : 
 Find a 9-inch cake pan at least three inches deep; grease it, and line the bottom and sides with a double thickness of greased baking parchment. 
 Tie folded brown paper or newspaper around the outside of the pan. 
 The paper is insulation, to keep the sides of the cake from scorching as it bakes. 
 Set oven to 320 – 350°F: have folded paper to stand the pan on when baking—place low in oven. 
 Pick over the dried fruit, removing any stems, etc. 
 Wash, drain well and spread over a cloth on a tray to dry. 
 When dry, put in a bowl and pour a small wine-glass of spirit over it. 
 Cover well and leave overnight. 
 Next day, add chopped peel, blanched chopped  almonds , and  cherries  minced and drained. 
 Mix thoroughly. 
 Sift together the  flour ,  salt , soda and spice. 
 Beat the  eggs  well with the  molasses  and flavoring. 
 Put the  butter  into a large warmed bowl and beat until soft; then add the  Sugar  and beat until light and creamy. 
 Beat in the  egg  mixture, about a sixth of it at a time, then fold in half the  flour  mixture. 
 Add remainder of the  flour  to the fruit and mix well. 
 Add fruit to creamed mixture and fold in well. 
 Put into pan and bake for about 3½ to 4 hours or until done. 
 If top of cake is  browning  too fast, cover with a few thicknesses of paper. 
 Reduce the oven heat slightly every hour—about 10 degrees. 
 Test with skewer for doneness. 
 Keep the paper wrapped around the cake in place until completely cooled, so that the cooling takes place slowly. 
 After completely cooled, invert the cake, lift the baking parchment off the bottom, and sprinkle the cake generously with the spirit of your choice. 
 Wrap well in foil, put in a sealed tin, and keep in a cool place (not necessarily refrigerated). 
 The cake benefits from occasional unwrappings and sprinkling with more spirit. 
 It takes about 2 months to achieve maximum "mellowness". 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   The mixed dried fruit should be such things as seedless  raisins  and  currants . 
 
 ↑   " Mixed spice " is a combination of  cinnamon ,  allspice  and  mace : about ⅓ of each). 
 
 ↑   The ½ teaspoon of "flavoring" can be  almond , or  lemon , or  vanilla , or a mixture of the three. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Desserts, British Desserts, Almond Recipes, Cake Recipes, Blackstrap molasses Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Candied fruit Recipes, Glace cherry Recipes, Currant Recipes, Dried fruit Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Whiskey Recipes, Add category