Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Piadine_with_Caesar_Salad_with_Roasted_Garlic_Paste

Description : 
 Yield: 1 piadine and 1 cup of roasted garlic paste
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb pizza dough, or (you can buy it at your favorite pizza parlor) or 1 lb frozen pizza dough (thawed and prepared according to pkg directions) 
 12 cups loosely packed torn  romaine lettuce  (about 2 heads) 
 favorite Caesar  salad dressing  (we used Newmans's Own Light Caesar  salad dressing ) 
 ½ cup  olive oil 
 salt , to taste 
 freshly ground coarse  black pepper , to taste 
 ½ cup  roasted garlic paste 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  thyme  leaves or  rosemary  (we used the  rosemary ) 
 6 tablespoons freshly grated  Parmesan cheese , plus extra for garnish 
 Roasted garlic paste : 
 1 lb whole head of  garlic 
 ½ cup pure  olive oil 
 gray  salt 
 freshly ground coarse  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Roasted garlic paste : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Peel the outermost layers of skin off the heads of  garlic . 
 Cut off the top one-third of the heads to open the cloves. Save the small pieces of  garlic  for another use. 
 Put the heads, cut sides up, in a small baking dish and pour the  olive oil  over them. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Cover tightly, place in the oven, and roast until about three-fourths cooked, about 45 minutes. 
 Uncover and return to the oven until the cloves begin to pop out of their skins and brown, about 15 minutes. 
 Let cool. 
 When cool enough to handle easily, squeeze the roasted  garlic  into a small bowl. 
 Press against the skins very well to get out all the sweet roasted  garlic  you can. 
 Add the  oil  from baking dish and mix well until a paste forms. 
 Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator, for up to 1 week. 
 Piadine : 
 Preheat a grill to high. 
 Put the lettuce in a bowl. Pour the dressing over and toss well. 
 Divide the dough into 4 equal balls. 
 On a floured board, stretch and roll the dough into thin discs with a rolling pin. 
 The dough may also be stretched by hand, but rolling will give you a thinner crust. 
 Coat the rolled out dough with olive oil and place, oiled side down, on a very hot grill. 
 This can be done indoors on a cast-iron stovetop grill pan that has been preheated over medium-medium high. 
 When you start to see bubbles on the surface of the dough, turn it over. 
 It should be slightly browned on the bottom. 
 Brush each round with a generous tablespoon of the garlic paste and sprinkle with the thyme. 
 Remove from the grill with tongs and top with the caesar salad. 
 Grate Parmesan cheese on top, fold in half, and eat. 
 
 
 
Categories: Californian Meat Dishes, Pizza Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Romaine lettuce Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category