Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cauliflower_Pizza

Ingredients : 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil  
 1  (16-ounce) bag  cauliflower  ric (about 5 cups) 
 2 large  eggs , lightly beaten  
 1 (8-ounce) bag low-moisture shredded  mozzarella  cheese (2 cups), divided 
 1 teaspoon salt-free  Italian seasoning 
 1 teaspoon  garlic powder 
 1 teaspoon  kosher salt 
 Freshly ground black  pepper 
 1/3 cup  pizza sauce 
 Fresh  basil  leaves and crushed  red pepper flakes , for serving (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the baking sheet. Arrange 2 oven racks to divide it into thirds and heat the oven to 450°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and grease the parchment with the olive oil.  
 Combine the cauliflower, eggs, and cheese. Place the cauliflower rice, eggs, and half of the mozzarella (1 cup) in a large microwave-safe bowl and stir to combine.  
 Microwave until cheese is melted and mixture clumps together. Microwave on HIGH, stirring at 1-minute intervals, until the cheese is melted and the mixture clumps together when stirred, 3 1/2 to 4 minutes total.  
 Add the seasonings. Stir in the Italian seasoning, garlic powder, salt, and several grinds black pepper.  
 Spread into a circle. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and use your hands to shape it into a large, thin circle (the thinner it is, the crispier it will become).  
 Bake the crust for 20 minutes. Bake on the lower oven rack until bottom of the crust is golden and crispy, about 20 minutes.  
 Flip the crust. Place a second rimmed baking sheet directly on the crust. While holding both baking sheets together (careful, it's hot!), flip them both. Remove the hot baking sheet and parchment -- the crust should now be upside down on the back of the cool baking sheet. 
 Return to the oven and bake the second side. Return the crust to the lower rack and bake until the entire crust is golden and crispy, 5 to 10 minutes more. 
 Top with some cheese. Remove the crust from the oven and heat the broiler to HIGH. Sprinkle with the half of the remaining cheese. 
 Add the sauce. Carefully spread the pizza sauce over the layer of cheese. 
 Top with the remaining cheese. Sprinkle the pizza with remaining cheese.  
 Broil and garnish. Return to the oven on the upper rack and broil until the cheese is browned and bubbly, 2 to 3 minutes. Top with torn fresh basil leaves and crushed red pepper flakes, if desired.  
 Equipment : 
 2 rimmed baking sheets 
 Large microwave-safe bowl 
 Parchment paper 
  
 
 
 
 
Categories: Pizza Recipes, Olive oil Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Rice Recipes, Egg Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Italian Seasoning Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Prepared pizza sauce Recipes, Basil Recipes, Red Pepper Recipes, Add category