Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/El_Khobz

Description : 
 I have more cookbooks... but many do not have recipes on page 17. It's usually some part of an intro to the cookbook. Here is a Page 17 recipe: Bread
 
 Source:  Cooking with the Bible  by Anthony F. Chiffolo and Rayner W. Hesse, Jr. ( ISBN 0-313-33410-2 ) 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Yield: 12 hearty diagonal slices 
 Ingredients : 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 1 tsp  granulated sugar 
 ¼ cup warm water 
 1 cup  semolina  flour 
 2 cups  unbleached flour  or  whole wheat flour 
 2 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  sesame seeds 
 2⅓ cups water 
 2 tbsp semolina flour for the countertop 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. 
 In a cup or glass, mix the yeast, sugar, and water; stir, and set in a warm place until the yeast is bubbly and doubled in volume. 
 Meanwhile, mix the flours, salt, and sesame seeds in a large bowl; slowly add the water, ⅓ cup at a time, then the yeast mixture. 
 Knead the dough by hand for 5 – 6 minutes until it forms a complete ball; remove from the mixing bowl. 
 Knead the dough by hand again for 2 minutes or so. 
 The dough should have a smooth, elastic consistency. 
 Cut the dough into two pieces. 
 Cover each piece with moist, hot towels and let rest for 2 minutes or so. 
 Spread some semolina flour on a clean work area and start making a ball with one piece of the dough. 
 Do the same with the other piece. 
 Cover with moist, hot towels and let stand for 3 minutes on a baking sheet. 
 Sprinkle some semolina flour and start flattening the dough to form a disc about 5 in diameter. 
 Do the same with the other ball. 
 Cover with moist, hot towels and let rise 1 hour in a warm place. 
 With a sharp knife make incisions on the top and bake 15 minutes. 
 Lower the heat to 325f and bake 25 – 35 minutes. 
 Remove from the oven. 
 The bread is done when it is nicely brown over the top and sounds hollow when you tap the bottom. 
 Cover with a towel and let cool. 
 Cut the bread just before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Bread Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Semolina Recipes, Pages using ISBN magic links, Add category