Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fruity_Chocolate_Toast

      Fruity Chocolate Toast     
 Prep Time: 5 minutes 
 Cook time: 5 minutes 
 Serves: 4 
 
 Description : 
 Fruity chocolate toast is a delicious dessert which will melt its way through the tongue by creating a sinful feeling of addiction for anyone. Nutella is a pure heavenly bliss that puts a bright smile on almost everyone’s face and makes these small, triangular, sensuous bread slices an out of the world dish. A generous spoon of hazel nut spread topped with grilled fruits and a dollop of butter on fresh baked bread is a true delight to satisfy the sweet tooth. This is one of the irresistible desserts to create for someone special.
 As you serve, roll your tongue with this crazy tongue twister ‘A cheeky chimp chucked cheap chocolate chips in the cheap chocolate chip shop’ and your guests will roll their eyes at this tantalizing treat. A true luscious chocolate sandwich to pep up anyone’s mood!
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 thick white bread 
 2 tablespoon  Nutella  (Hazel nut spread) 
 1  banana  – ripe 
 2  strawberries  – ripe 
 2 tsp  butter 
 whipped cream  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Chop the banana and strawberries into two halves. Grill the fruits in a skillet for 3-5 minutes on medium high. Remove and set aside. 
 Place the fresh white bread on a chopping board. Spread the nutella on one side of the bread. Place the one half of the banana and two halves of strawberry on chocolaty side and cover them with the other slice. Smear little butter on the sides. Grill them for 2-3 minutes on each side. 
 Cut them into two triangles and serve hot with a dollop of cream on top. It can also be served with scoops of vanilla or chocolate or strawberry ice cream.Your first ingredient goes here 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/39/DSC03092.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/222?cb=20100206004712']
Categories: Dessert Recipes, Bread Recipes, Banana Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Featured Bloggers, Add category