Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Artichoke_Vinaigrette

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Ingredients : 
 4  globe artichokes , extra large 
 1  lemon 
 2 quarts  water 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 3 tablespoons  sherry vinegar 
 3 tablespoons  Dijon mustard 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  chives 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  tarragon 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  flat-leaf parsley 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly-ground  white pepper 
 ½ cup extra-virgin  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 Trim the sharp tips of the outside  artichoke  leaves with a sharp knife. 
 Cut off the top of the  artichoke  about 1-inch and remove the stem so that the bottom is flat. 
 Wash the  artichoke  in cold  water  and rub all cut surfaces with some of the fresh  lemon juice  and pulp. (a round slice of  lemon  may be tied to the bottom of the  artichoke  to prevent oxidation of the base.) 
 Bring  water  to a boil, add the salt and the remaining pieces of the  lemon , rind and all, and place the artichokes base down. 
 Cover the pot and bring the  water  to the boil again before lowering the heat to a simmer. 
 Cook the  artichoke  at a steady simmer for 35 to 45 minutes or until a leaf pulls easily free from the center. 
 Allow to cool for 10 minutes in the  water , remove,and cool to room temperature. 
 When cool, some of the cooking juices may be drizzled over the top of the artichokes. 
 In a stainless steel bowl combine the  vinegar ,  mustard , herbs,  salt  and  pepper  and whisk to emulsify. 
 Add the  oil  in a small steady stream until all the oil has been incorporated and the dressing has achieved a silky, smooth texture. 
 The dressing may be stored, covered, for up to two weeks in the refrigerator, but should be brought to room temperature before using. 
 Serve the  artichoke  with some vinaigrette on the side as a dip for each leaf or drizzled over the heart. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Vinaigrette Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Sherry vinegar Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Chives Recipes, Tarragon Recipes, Add category