Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish_in_Tomato_Marinade

Ingredients : 
 Fish : 
 1½ pounds of  whitefish  fillets with skin left on, cut into 2-inch pieces 
 1 tablespoon of  salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 ½ cup of  flour 
 ½ cup of  vegetable oil 
 Sauce : 
 ¾ cup of  vegetable oil 
 2 tablespoons of  white vinegar 
 3 teaspoon of  sugar 
 ¼ teaspoon of powdered  cloves 
 2 cups of coarsely chopped  onions 
 ¾ cup of  tomato paste 
 1  bay leaf , coarsely crumble 
 5 whole  black peppercorns 
 1 teaspoon of  salt 
 Directions : 
 Sprinkle a tablespoon of  salt  and a few grindings of  pepper  on the fish. Now coat it well with  flour  and vigorously remove any excess  flour . 
 Now heat up  oil  in a heavy 10 to 12 inch skillet until a light haze forms above it. 
 Add some pieces of fish, lower the heat to moderate and brown them 3 to 5 minutes of each side. 
 Transfer the browned fish on double thickness of paper towels. Repeat this with all the fish. 
 Pour ⅓ of the marinade into a shallow 2-quart enameled, baking dish and arrange half the fish in it in one layer. 
 Moisten the fish with ⅓ more of the marinade and arrange the remaining fish in another layer on top. 
 Pour in the remaining marinade and let the fish marinade uncovered and unrefrigerated for at least 6 hours. 
 Now refrigerate, tightly covered with plastic wrap, for at least 24 hours before serving. 
 Sauce : 
 In a heavy 10- to 12-inch skillet, heat the  oil  over high heat until a light haze forms above it. 
 Drop in the  onions , reduce the heat to moderate and, stirring frequently, cook for few minutes until the  onions  are soft but not brown. 
 Stir in the  tomato  paste,  vinegar ,  sugar , cloves,  bay leaf , peppercorns and  salt  and bring to a boil. 
 Cover the pan, reduce the heat to low, and simmer undisturbed for about 15 minutes. Then remove from heat and cool the marinade to lukewarm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Estonian Appetizers, White vinegar Recipes, Whitefish Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category