Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Couscous_Azindessi


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 3  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1  Chicken  bouillon cube, crushed 
 1/2 teaspoon  ground ginger 
 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground  pepper 
 1 pound  Chicken  legs and thighs 
 1 large  tomato , peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped 
 1 medium  Onion , coarsely chopped 
 2 1/3 cups  chicken broth 
 3 tablespoons  peanut oil 
 1 tablespoon  tomato  paste with roasted  garlic 
 4 tablespoons smooth  Peanut   butter 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup  couscous 
 1/2 cup (about 4 oz.) salted, dry-roasted  peanuts , crushed 
 4  green onions , thinly sliced, for garnish 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl, mix the  garlic , crushed bouillon cube,  ground ginger , and  pepper . Coat the  Chicken  with this mixture. Set aside. 
 In a blender, combine the  tomato ,  Onion , and 1 cup of the  chicken broth . Blend until fairly smooth. Set aside. 
 In a heavy, medium casserole over medium-high heat, warm 2 tablespoons of the  oil . Cook the  Chicken , turning with tongs until browned on all sides. Add the tomato-onion-broth mixture. Cook, covered, until the sauce comes to a low boil, about 5 minutes. Stir in the  tomato  paste and  Peanut   butter . Reduce heat to medium. Continue cooking, covered, until the  Chicken  is tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Dilute the sauce with a little  water  or broth if it becomes too thick. Season with half of the  salt . 
 Meanwhile, heat the oven to 325 degrees F. Pour the  couscous  into a 9-13 inch baking dish. In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring the remaining 1 1/3 cups  chicken broth , the  salt , and the remaining  oil  to a boil. Pour over the  couscous . Stir once. Cover tightly with foil and bake until the  couscous  is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. #Remove it from the oven, and fluff it with a fork. Stir in the  peanuts . Mound the  couscous  in the center of a warm shallow serving platter. Surround with the  Chicken  and top with the  Peanut  sauce. Garnish with the chopped  green onions  and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beninese Meat Dishes, Beninese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Couscous Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category