Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Minestrone_Soup_II

Serves 10-12; preparation time 20 minutes; cooking time 2 hours. 
 The soup may also be frozen before the  macaroni  is added. To serve, thaw the soup at room temperature for 2 hours, reheat over low heat, add the  macaroni  and simmer, covered, until the  macaroni  is tender, about 20 minutes. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 500g dried  haricot or sugar beans , soaked in  water  overnight, covered 
 2 tablespoons rindless  bacon , finely chopped 
 1  onion , finely chopped 
 1 small  cabbage , finely shredded 
 4  leeks , finely sliced 
 4 baby  marrows , diced 
 2 cloves  garlic , crushed 
 4 stalks table  celery , diced 
 4  carrots , diced 
 2  tomatoes , skinned and diced 
 1½ litres boiling  water 
 1 sprig fresh  rosemary  or a pinch dried  rosemary 
 pinch dried  basil 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 tablespoon  parsley , finely chopped 
 75 ml  oil 
 ½ cup raw elbow  macaroni 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 pinch freshly ground  black pepper 
 garnish : grated  parmesan cheese 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan, cook the beans in the  water  in which the were soaked until tender, 1 to 1½ hours. 
 Cook the beans slightly, then press half through a sieve or liquidize in a blender to form a purée. 
 Drain the remaining beans and set aside. 
 Heat the  oil  in a large saucepan and gently sauté the  garlic ,  onion ,  celery ,  carrots ,  rosemary  and  bacon  until golden brown. 
 Add the  tomatoes  and sauté a few minutes longer, adding a little  sugar  if necessary. 
 Add the  cabbage ,  leeks  baby marrows,  basil ,  bay leaf ,  parsley ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Add the whole and puréed beans together with the boiling  water . 
 Add the  macaroni  and simmer, covered, until the  macaroni  is tender, about 20 minutes. 
 Serve garnished with  Parmesan cheese . 
 The soup may also be frozen before the  macaroni  is added. 
 To serve, thaw the soup at room temperature for 2 hours, reheat over low heat, add the  macaroni  and simmer, covered, until the  macaroni  is tender, about 20 minutes. 
 Serve garnished with  Parmesan cheese . 
 
 
 
Categories: Soup Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Basil Recipes, Navy bean Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Leek Recipes, Celery Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Vegetable marrow Recipes, Macaroni Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category