Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Houska

Description : 
 Adapted from Betty Crocker's International Cookbook. We had something similar at a wonderful local Swiss restaurant.
 
       Houska     
 Ingredients : 
 1 package  yeast 
 3 tablespoon honey 
 ½ cup warm  water 
 ¾ cup scalded  milk 
 ¼ cup  granulated sugar 
 ⅓ cup  margarine 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 4¼ - 4¾ cups  flour , divided 
 2  eggs 
 ¼ teaspoon  mace 
 ½ cup golden  raisins 
 ½ cup  sliced almonds 
 Directions : 
 Mix the honey and warm  water  to dissolve, add  yeast . 
 In a small saucepan, heat the  milk  almost to boiling point, then remove from heat. 
 Combine the scalded  milk ,  Sugar ,  margarine , and  salt ; cool to lukewarm. 
 Stir 1 cup of  flour  into  milk  mixture, beat well. 
 Stir in the  yeast  mixture. 
 Add  eggs  and beat well. 
 Add  mace ,  raisins , and  almonds . 
 Add 3 more cups of  flour , stirring to make a soft dough. 
 Turn the dough onto a well-floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, adding  flour  a little at a time to keep dough from sticking. 
 Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl, turning the dough once to grease all sides. 
 Cover and let rise in a warm place until dough is double in size (about 1 hour). 
 Punch down dough and divide into 5 pieces, 3 the same size, 2 slightly smaller. 
 The 3 larger pieces are rolled out to form a 17-inch roll and then braided together. This is the bottom row. 
 The 2 smaller pieces are rolled out and twisted together and placed on top of the 3-braid piece, tucking the ends under. 
 Assemble on a cookie sheet with parchment paper on the diagonal. 
 Let the Houska rise in a warm place until about double in size. 
 Rush the tops with  milk . 
 Bake in a 350 °F oven for 30 minutes or until golden brown. 
 Brush the tops lightly with  butter  when the loaves are still warm for a softer crust. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/83/Houska.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004123']
Categories: Almond Recipes, Bread Recipes, Bread appetizer Recipes, Mace Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Serbian Appetizers, Serbian Snacks, Sweet appetizer Recipes, Add category