Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boliche_Asado

Description : 
 Cuban stuffed pot roast
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  eye of round roast  excess fat trimmed 4 – 5 lbs, about 4 x 9" 
 1 cup  sour orange juice   [1] 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  cilantro 
 1 tsp chopped fresh  oregano 
 4  garlic  cloves, peeled finely minced 
 ½ lb smoked slab  bacon 
 3 oz  chorizo  sausage 
 ¼ cup  pimento -stuffed  manzanilla olives 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 1½ cups chopped  white onion 
 1  celery  rib finely chopped 
 ¼ cup chopped  green bell pepper 
 ¼ cup chopped  red bell pepper 
 1 cup peeled, seeded and chopped  plum tomatoes 
 1 cup Spanish  sherry   or  dry  red wine 
 1 tsp ground  oregano 
 ½ tbsp Spanish  paprika 
 1 pinch  nutmeg 
 2  bay leaves 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 12 small  new potatoes  cooked 
 5  carrots , peeled, cut diagonally 1" pieces cooked 
 chopped fresh  parsley  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Cut a small lengthwise cavity in the heart of the roast, almost but not quite to the end of the meat. Mix together the  sour orange juice ,  cilantro ,  oregano , and  garlic , then rub mixture in the cavity and over the entire roast. Marinate, refrigerated, for 2 to 3 hours. Turn several times so that juices saturate all parts of the roast. 
 In the container of a food processor or blender, process the  bacon , chorizos, and to a fine grind. Mix the contents with the marinade in a bowl. Loosely stuff mixture into the cavity of the roast by pressing it with a long-handled spoon as far into the cavity as possible. 
 Heat a large casserole that can be used on the stove as well as in the oven, then add  olive oil . When  olive oil  is heated and begins to smell fragrant, add the roast and brown on all sides, turning with a large fork several times. Remove the roast to a separate pan and reserve drippings. 
 Preheat the oven to 325°F. 
 Add  Onion ,  celery , and the  green  and  red peppers  to the reserved drippings. Combine well and then saute over medium-high heat until  onions  become translucent but not browned. Add  plum   tomatoes ,  sherry ,  oregano ,  paprika ,  nutmeg ,  bay leaves , and  salt  and  pepper . 
 Return the browned roast to the casserole. Cover and bake for 2½ to 3 hours, basting constantly, until meat is fork tender. Do not turn off oven. 
 Remove the meat to a separate dish. Cool for at least 30 minutes. Place sauce in a bowl and refrigerate for a few hours. 
 Skim fat from surface of sauce with a large spoon, then place sauce in the container of a food processor or blender and process until liquefied. Pour into a 10-inch saute pan. Adjust seasoning. Add the cooked  potatoes  and  carrots , then cover and simmer for about 5 minutes. 
 Using a very sharp knife so that roast does not crumble, carefully slice the roast into 20 to 24 pieces, each about ¼ inch thick. Place slices overlapping on a large ovenproof platter so that center filling shows. Cover tightly with foil so that meat does not dry out. Heat until warmed, about 15 minutes, then raise temperature to 350°F and heat for another 10 minutes. 
 Arrange  potatoes  and  carrots  around the meat slices, then spoon sauce over meat and vegetables and serve remaining sauce in a covered heated gravy dish. Garnish meat with freshly chopped  parsley . Serve immediately 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   If you don't have  sour orange juice , substitute ¾ cup  orange juice  mixed with ¼ cup  lime juice 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cuban Meat Dishes, Bacon Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Bitter orange juice Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Green olive Recipes, New potato Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Add category