Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ugli_fruit


 Browse All Ugli fruit Recipes   
       Ugli fruit     
 Name variations : 
 Uniq fruit 
 About Ugli fruit : 
 A warty, irregular citrus fruit. 
 This tangelo is a variety of citrus fruit grown exclusively in Jamaica It was discovered growing wild in Jamaica over 70 years ago. Its parentage combines the best characteristics of the tangerine, grapefruit and Seville orange. Ugli tangelos come in all sizes and many varieties of color from green to greenish-yellow, to yellow, and some even orange Ugli tangelos are easy to peel and may be eaten like a tangerine, or they might be cut in half and eaten like a grapefruit. The fresh flavor of ugli tangelos is delicious in many recipes, adding a subtle tang to both sweet and savory combinations. Being easy to peel, with generous sized segments, the ugli tangelo lends itself to many dishes. It is exceedingly juicy, and has a flavor that does not need added sugar unless you have a very sweet tooth. Ugli tangelos are remarkably juicy, and squeeze easily for deliciously refreshing drinks. Ugli fruit is an excellent addition to a salad of varied dark greens or a tropical fruit salad. Ugli fruit is an excellent source of vitamin C and fiber and contains fewer than forty calories. The flesh is a pinkish-orange color and has a special sweet taste.
 Its origins are vague, but the native Jamaican ugli fruit is believed to be a Tangerine-Grapefruit hybrid (though the Pomelo may also have been involved). It ranges in size between that of a Navel Orange and a giant grapefruit. Its acid-sweet flavor suggests grapefruit with hints of orange. The extremely thick, yellow-green skin fits rather loosely over the large, juicy, yellow-orange pulp sections. Ugli fruit is available on a limited basis around the country from winter to spring. Choose fruit that's heavy for its size and that gives slightly to palm pressure. Store at room temperature and use within 5 days or refrigerate up to 3 weeks. Ugli fruit may be prepared and eaten in any way suitable for grapefruit. It's an excellent source of vitamin C.
 
 Ugli fruit Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/bc/UgliFruit.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004457']
Categories: Citrus fruit, Jamaican Food Glossary, Add category