Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Yucatecan_Grilled_Catfish_with_Pickled_Red_Onions


 
 Description : 
 A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Pickled red onions : 
 1 quart  water , plus more as needed 
 2 small  red onions , sliced 1-inch thick 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 1 teaspoon dried  oregano , preferably Mexican 
 ½ teaspoon freshly ground  pepper 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cumin 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 4  garlic  cloves, halved 
 ⅔ cup  cider vinegar  or  lime juice 
 Achiote marinade : 
 1 tablespoon  achiote seed  (see note) 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 1 teaspoon  ground coriander 
 1 teaspoon dried  oregano , preferably Mexican 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  cloves 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cumin 
 5 large  garlic  cloves 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 3 tablespoons  cider vinegar  or  lime juice 
 Catfish : 
 6 U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets 
 olive oil  for brushing 
 Garnish : 
 cilantro  sprigs 
 Directions : 
 To prepare the  pickled onions , bring 1 quart of  water  to a boil in a medium saucepan. 
 Add  onions  and cook for 45 seconds. 
 Drain  onions  and rinse under cold  water . 
 Place  onions  in a non-corrosive bowl and add  sugar ,  oregano ,  pepper ,  cumin ,  salt ,  garlic  and  vinegar  or  lime juice  and stir to combine. 
 Add enough  water  to the bowl to make the pickling liquid barely cover the  onions . 
 Cover and refrigerate for several hours, preferably overnight. 
 To prepare the marinade, pulverize the  achiote seeds  as finely as possible in a spice grinder. 
 Add the  pepper ,  cinnamon , coriander,  oregano , cloves and  cumin  and pulse the grinder on and off a few times to combine the spices. 
 Place in a small bowl and set aside. 
 Finely chop the  garlic . 
 Sprinkle  salt  over  garlic . 
 Using the flat side of a heavy chef's knife, mash and smear the  garlic  and  salt  mixture, working it back and forth on the cutting board until it forms a paste. 
 Add the  garlic  paste along with the  vinegar  or  lime juice  to the bowl with the spice mixture and mix until thoroughly combined. 
 Spread about a teaspoon of the marinade over each side of the  catfish  fillets (there may be a little marinade left over). 
 Place the fillets on a sheet pan, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours. 
 About 1 hour before serving, prepare a charcoal fire for grilling and let it burn until the coals are hot. 
 To grill the marinated fillets, brush them with a little  olive oil  and place on the grill over the hottest part of the fire. 
 After about 30 seconds, turn the fillets 90 degrees and grill on the same side for 30 seconds longer. 
 Move the fillets to a cooler part of the fire and cook for 2 minutes longer on that side. 
 Turn the fillets over and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on the other side or until flakes easily when tested with a fork. 
 Serve the  catfish  on warm plates topped with pickled  red onions  and a sprig of  cilantro . 
 
 
 
Categories: Annatto seed Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Ethnic catfish Recipes, Grilled or broiled catfish Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Add category