Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Arooq

Description : 
 Ground chicken fritters. This dish comes from a family of Iraqi Jews who settled in India over 100 years ago. The arooq, an Iraqi dish, has, what with the green chillies and  turmeric  in it, been Bombay-ized. It is quite delicious and is the sort of thing that one just cannot stop eating. Amongst Bombay's Iraqi Jews, it is sometimes served with  rice  and  lentils . When children come home starving after a day in school, it is stuffed inside a pita, along with a little salad and served as a snack. Arooq can also be made with ground fish or very finely  ground lamb .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2  scallions 
 1 lb raw  ground chicken 
 ⅛ tsp  turmeric 
 ¼  cayenne pepper 
 ½ tsp very finely chopped fresh,  hot green chilli 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 tbsp plain white  flour 
 2  eggs , beaten 
 vegetable oil , for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 Cut off 1" of the white, onion-like parat of the  scallion , as well as the top, very green section. 
 You do not need them. 
 Cut the middle sections in half, lengthwise, and then cut these strips crosswise as finely as possible. 
 Put the ground  chicken /fish/ lamb  in a bowl. 
 Add  turmeric ,  cayenne pepper , green chilli ,  salt ,  black pepper , scallions and  flour . Mix well. 
 Add the  eggs  and mix again. 
 Cover and refrigerator for at last 1 hour (you can even make the mixture a day ahead of time). 
 Just before you are ready to eat, pour enough  oil  into a wok or karhai to come to a depth of 1". 
 Heat the  oil  over a lowish flame. 
 Give it time to heat. 
 Use two soup spoons to make the fritters. 
 Lift up a ball of the  chicken  mixture, about 1" in diameter, on the front end of the spoons. 
 Help release it into the hot  oil  with the second spoon. 
 Make as many balls as will fit easily in one layer. 
 Stir and fry them until they are golden brown on the outside and cooked inside. 
 This should take about 5 minutes. Adjust your heat, if necessary. 
 Take the fritters out with a slotted spoon and drain them on paper towels. 
 Make all the fritters this way. 
 Serve them hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Iraqi Meat Dishes, Iraqi Snacks, Fritter Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Ground chicken Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Egg Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category