Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Deep-dish_Cranberry_Pie

Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Prep Time: 60 minutes 
 Cook Time: 60 minutes 
 Total Time: 120 minutes 
 Serving: 12 
 Ingredients : 
 2½ cups  flour 
 5 tablespoons  brown sugar 
 1 tablespoon ground  ginger 
 pinch  salt 
 12 tablespoons very cold  unsalted butter 
 4 – 5 tablespoons very cold  apple cider 
 8 cups fresh  cranberries 
 grated zest of 2  oranges 
 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed  lemon juice 
 1 cup  cassis liqueur 
 1 tablespoon ground  ginger 
 ½ cup  Grand Marnier 
 1¾ cups  sugar 
 ⅓ cup  cornstarch 
 1 large  egg 
 1 tablespoon  heavy cream 
 Directions : 
 The day before : 
 Place the measured flour and brown sugar in the freezer for one hour. 
 Cut the butter into small bits and place in the refrigerator, wrapped well in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour. 
 Place the flour, brown sugar, ginger, salt, and butter pieces in a food processor. 
 Process until the mixture resembles coarse meal. 
 With the machine running, add the cider slowly until the dough begins to form a soft ball. 
 Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill overnight. 
 Place the cranberries in a large bowl with the orange zest, cassis, lemon juice, ground ginger, and Grand Marnier. 
 Mix well, cover and leave at room temperature to marinate. 
 The day of : 
 Drain the liquid from the cranberry mixtures into a heavy medium saucepan. 
 Stir in the sugar and cornstarch. 
 Heat over medium heat while stirring constantly until the sauce thickens. 
 Pour the sauce over the cranberries. 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Divide the dough in half. 
 Roll one half to an 11-inch circle and line a 9-inch pie pan. 
 Trim the edges decoratively. 
 Pour the cranberry filling into the pie shell. 
 Using cookie cutters, cut fall shapes (leaves, acorns, etc.) out of the remaining dough. 
 Stagger the pieces on the crust in a design. 
 Beat the egg and heavy cream together and brush the pastry with it. 
 Dust with granulated sugar if desired. 
 Place the pie on a foil lined cookie sheet to make clean up easy. 
 Bake for 50 minutes or until the crust is gold. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Pie Recipes, Cider Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Crème de cassis Recipes, Grand Marnier Recipes, Egg Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Add category