Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Karemeen_Pollichathu

Description : 
 Ethnicity - South Indian 
 Type of meal - Party, Lunch, Dinner 
 Ingredients : 
 1 kg ( 4 to 5 no): Karemeen 
 1 tbsp: Red chilly powder 
 2 strips:  curry  patha 
 1 cup:  coconut oil 
 1 roll: Aluminum foil 
 salt  to taste 
 Grind Together 
 5 no: Button  onions 
 10 no:  black pepper  (crushed, not powdered) 
 10 no: Whole red chilies 
 ½ inch long:  ginger 
 1 no:  garlic 
 ½ tsp:  turmeric  powder 
 For the Gravy 
 
 1 cup: Button  onions 
 1 tsp: Red chilly powder 
 2 stem:  curry  patha 
 salt  to taste 
 
 
 Directions : 
 To Prepare(Clean) the Pearl Fish 
 
 Pearl fish comes with a coating of thick scales which has to be sliced off with a sharp knife, keeping the head and tail intact 
 Rub the fish on rough surface( on a cutting board) with  salt , and clean inside out. wash with clean  water  and soak them in curd /  lemon juice , to get rid of the any bad smell of the fish. 
 After half an hour take the fish out of the curd/ lemon juice  and wash in clean  water . 
 Make slits through the fish diagonally. 
 To Prepare the  masala 
 
 Grind coarsely all the ingredients to be ground. Add the red chilly powder,  turmeric  and  salt  and little  water  to make the  masala  to a paste form. 
 Rub it allover the fish inside out. 
 Lastly keep the carry patha’s pasted to the fish too. 
 Keep inside the fridge covered for about half an hour for the  masala  to soak into the fish. 
 Take out and fry in  coconut oil  both side until it turn dark brown. Serve hot in plangton leaf. 
 To Make the Gravy 
 
 In the same pan, which fried the fish, take out the excess  oil  and let the remaining  masala  dust and  oil , heat up. 
 Fry half-cup button  onions , with  curry  patha. 
 The  onions  turn light brown, pour the gravy over the fish, which is served in a plangton leaf. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indian Recipes, South Indian Recipes, Masala Recipes, Curry Recipes, Coconut oil Recipes, Turmeric Recipes, Add category