Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Peachy_Licorice_Birds

Description : 
 Hi All,
 This is a recipe I came up with over the last few months and it produces by far the best tasting bird I have ever made. The added bonus of this recipe was it emitted such a wonderful aroma that my neighbours knocked on the door wanting to know what I was concocting this time...LOL. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions about this recipe.
 The Chinese five spice powder gives off the scent of licorice hence the name of the recipe. My hubby, who hates spices ate ½ a chicken and asked for seconds.
 
 An original recipe by Chef Elle 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Spice mix : 
 2 tbsp  paprika 
 2 tbsp  Chinese five-spice powder 
 1 tbsp  medium curry 
 ½ tsp  ginger 
 butter  or  margarine 
 All other ingredients : 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 ½ cup  zucchini , cut in ½ lengthwise and sliced ¼ to ½ inch thick 
 2  carrots , peeled, sliced on the diagonal ¼ to ½ inch thick 
 1  red ,  yellow ,  orange  or  purple bell pepper , sliced into strips 
 12 – 16 very small  baby onions , peeled, leave whole 
 1 small can  peaches , sliced, reserve juice 
 olive oil 
 ½ cup  water 
 2 tbsp  soy sauce 
 1 x 3 lb  chicken ,  duck ,  goose  or  turkey   [1] 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F / 180°C. 
 In a small bowl mix spices together and add butter to make a paste. 
 Rub this into the bird both inside and out. 
 Set aside. 
 Prepare the zucchini, carrots, bell pepper, and onions as directed above. 
 Place the bird in a roasting pan. 
 Add a ½ cup water to the pan and roast in preheated oven until golden brown. 
 For chicken or duck about 1 hour. 
 For goose about 1½ – 2 hours. 
 For turkey about 2½ – 3 hours depending on size. 
 If the water dries up add a small amount more. 
 Meanwhile, mix the reserved peach juice and soy sauce together. 
 Use to baste the bird. 
 Lightly coat the vegetables with some olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper and paprika. 
 About 30 – 45 minutes before the bird is ready place the vegetables around the bottom of the bird. 
 About 15 to 20 minutes before the bird is ready add the peaches to the vegetables along with any remaining juice/soy sauce mixture. 
 Allow bird to rest for 10 minutes before carving. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   The spice mix recipe above is for a 3 lb bird if your bird is 6 lb double the spice mix, if it is 12 lb double it again and so on. The bird MUST be heavily coated inside and out to keep in the juices. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Chinese five-spice powder Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Duck Recipes, Goose Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Holland bell pepper Recipes, Peach Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Add category