Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Albanian_Byrek


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 flour  as needed 
 1 1/2 cups  water , luke warm 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 use 1 package ready phillo dough to replace steps 1-4 
 2 cups  spinach , cut thin, cooked 
 salt 
 1/2-1 cup  yogurt 
 1 cup  feta   Cheese , crumbled 
 2-3  eggs 
 butter , melted 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the dough with  flour , 1 and a half cups of cold  water , 1 spoon of  oil  and half a teaspoon of  salt , so that the dough may obtain average solidity. 
 Press and mix the dough well, then divide in two equally sized pieces. Then divide the pieces into 10-12 ball shaped pieces. 
 Spread the balls in well-shaped circles of the size of a plate. Place the circle-shaped dough on top of one another so as to obtain two large pies. 
 Cover each pie with melted  butter  and leave for about half an hour to 1 hour. 
 During this time wash a bowl of  spinach , cut thin, add  salt  and leave in  salt  for about 15–20 minutes, then  Squash . 
 Mix the  spinach ,  dock  or  sorrel  with half to 1 cup  yogurt  and 2-3  eggs . 
 Add the crumbled  feta   Cheese . Cover the baking pan with melted  butter . 
 Spread one of the dough pies to cover the entire pan and gently pull up the ends, then sprinkle melted  butter  on it and spread the  spinach  on it uniformly. 
 Spread the second dough pie on top of the  spinach . 
 If using the ready made phillo sprinkle after each one butter and sepperate it in 3 parts. 
 After laying down the first part add the spinach mix. 
 Add the second part of the phillo dough and add spinach mix. 
 In the end add the remaining phillo in layers still spreading butter in between. 
 Cut the byrek in square slices, sprinkle with melted  butter  and place in a hot oven @ 375 degrees until cooked. 
 Byrek can be served hot accompanied with  yogurt . 
 
 
 
Categories: Albanian Recipes, Albanian Vegetarian, Squash Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Sorrel Recipes, Feta Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category