Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Yankee_Huevos_Rancheros

Prep Time: 10 mins 
 Cook time: 20 mins 
 Serves: 1-2 
 
 
 Description : 
 This is my entirely inauthentic version of  huevos rancheros  made with the object of avoiding spiciness and using what I have access to in local general-purpose grocery stores in New England circa 2012.
 The salami can obviously be substituted for some other sort of breakfast meat but I was going for something inexpensive that would have a sharp flavor but not be  chorizo -spicy and I liked the way that salami turned out. Refried beans can be substituted for the canned beans as desired. Salsa and other conventional seasonings added to the mix can be efficacious.
 Breakfast for one person.
 
 Ingredients : 
 one to two (1-2) corn tortillas 
 one (1) slab of your favorite deli hard salami cut to around a quarter  (¼)  of an inch thick, chopped, or a similar amount of other chopped or ground breakfast meat 
 two (2) ounces of chopped onion 
 two (2) ounces of chopped green pepper 
 two (2) ounces of canned black beans 
 two (2) eggs 
 two (2) ounces of shredded cheese of your choice 
 two to four (2-4) ounces of Old El Paso Mild Green Chile Enchilada Sauce or similar 
 sour cream on the side 
 Directions : 
 While everything else is cooking heat the enchilada sauce in a microwave or saucepan. 
 In a frying pan begin cooking the breakfast meat. Allow the fat to melt and stir it around to grease the pan. 
 Mix together the chopped onion, pepper, and beans and add to the pan. 
 When the onions and peppers are halfway-done move the meat-onion-pepper-beans mixture to the edges of the pan with a spatula and fry the eggs in desired fashion. 
 Once it's all done cooking move to a plate, sprinkle the cheese on top of the mixture, and cover. 
 Melt a small amount of butter in the frying pan and put in the corn tortillas. Once one side is coated flip the tortillas, stacking together as space permits, and place the meat-onion-pepper-beans mixture on top. Cook until the tortillas are crispy. 
 Remove to plate, drench with sauce, top with eggs and a little more sauce, and provide the breakfaster with a few dollops of sour cream on the side. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3e/Huevos_Rancheros_1_500.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20131114193918']
Categories: Tortilla Recipes, Egg Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Breakfast Recipes, Meat Recipes, Onion Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Add category