Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sultan%27s_Delight

Ingredients : 
 1000 g  mutton 
 2 tablespoons  margarine 
 2  onions 
 2 medium  tomatoes   or  2 tablespoons of  tomato paste 
 ½ tablespoon  black pepper 
 salt 
 2½ glasses of water 
 Eggplant Purée : 
 750 g  eggplant 
 2½ tablespoon  flour 
 3 tablespoons  butter 
 1⅕ glasses of  milk 
 ¼ glass of grated  kashar  cheese  [1] 
 Directions : 
 Peel and grate the onions. 
 Pare the tomatoes, scoop out the seeds and dice. 
 Kebab : 
 Put margarine and grated onions in a saucepan and saute over moderate heat. 
 Add meat and saute with the onions for 3-4 minutes until golden. 
 Cover and cook until the meat absorbs the water while stirring occasionally. 
 Season with ½ tablespoon black pepper and salt. 
 Add the tomatoes or the tomato paste and 2-2½ glasses of hot water, and simmer until the meat is tender. 
 Check occasionally for water and add water if necessary. 
 Eggplant Purée : 
 Put the butter and flour in a small saucepan, place over moderate heat and saute for 2 minutes making sure that the flour doesn't turn golden. 
 Set aside. 
 Grill the eggplants on strong coal or gas heat, burning the skins. 
 Peel the skins of eggplants and blanch them in a bowl containing lemon juice. 
 After blanching for 15 minutes, remove the eggplants from lemon juice and press them with hand to drain. 
 Put the eggplants in the flour one by one and blend them well with a fork. 
 Place the saucepan on heat, add 1 tablespoon of salt and ⅕ glasses of hot milk, and blend them well by beating rapidly. 
 Continue beating until the eggplant mixture becomes a dense paste. 
 Add the grated kashar, stir well and remove heat. 
 When both the kebab and purée are ready, place puree on serving dish, put the meat decoratively in the middle and serve hot. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Kashar is a sheep cheese similar to  Cheddar  or  Kashkaval . 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Mutton Recipes, Skewer Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Kashkaval Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category