Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chili_and_Lime-grilled_Shrimp_with_Seasoned_White_Beans_and_Rice

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Southern Living  2007 
 Prep 25 min + 30 min for rice | Soak 30 min | Grill 8 min 
 Makes 6 servings of shrimp and 4 cups of rice 
 Ingredients : 
 6 (12-inch) wooden skewers 
 1 lb large fresh or frozen  shrimp 
 2 tsp chili with lime seasoning 
 2 tsp  ground mustard 
 1 tsp  garlic powder 
 1  lime 
 2 tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 Seasoned White Beans and Rice 
 garnish: 6  lime  wedges 
 Seasoned White Beans and Rice : 
 1½ cups  brown rice 
 pinch  salt  and  pepper 
 1  lime 
 1 cup loosely packed  cilantro  leaves 
 1 cup loosely packed fresh  parsley  leaves 
 1 cup loosely packed baby  arugula  leaves 
 2  garlic  cloves 
 ⅔ cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp  pepper 
 2 (15½ oz) cans  cannellini beans , drained. 
 Directions : 
 Soak wooden skewers in water 30 minutes. 
 If frozen, thaw shrimp, peel, leaving tails on, devein. Place in medium bowl. 
 Stir together chili with lime seasoning, ground mustard, and garlic powder in small bowl. Sprinkle mixture over shrimp, tossing to coat. 
 Grate rind from 1 lime, and add to shrimp mixture in bowl. Cut lime in half and squeeze juice into bowl. Stir in olive oil. 
 Thread 4 – 5 shrimp onto each skewer, and place skewers on a plate. Cover and chill. 
 Preheat grill to 300°F to 350°F (medium). 
 Prepare seasoned white beans and rice. 
 Meanwhile, grill shrimp skewers covered with grill lid 3-4 minutes per side or just until shrimp turns pink. 
 Spoon seasoned white beans and rice onto a serving platter, and top with shrimp skewers. 
 Garnish with lime wedges if desired. 
 Seasoned White Beans and Rice : 
 Prepare rice according to package directions with a pinch of salt and pepper. 
 Meanwhile, grate rind from lime into a small bowl. 
 Cut lime in half and squeeze juice into bowl. 
 Pulse cilantro, and next 3 ingredients, lime rind, and lime juice in a blender/processor until combined. 
 Gradually add olive oil, salt and pepper and process until blended, stopping to scrape sides as needed. 
 Microwave cannellini beans on high 1½ minutes until thoroughly heated. 
 Stir in hot cooked rice. 
 Add cilantro mixture, and toss to combine. 
 Serve warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Skewer Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Cannellini bean Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Lime Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Arugula Recipes, Add category