Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pastelles


 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups ground  corn flour  ( this is not  cornstarch  ) 
 1 ounce  margarine 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 2 tsp  salt 
 2 tsp  sugar 
 4 cups boiling  water 
 banana  leaves ( you can use foil, but pastelles taste better wrapped in  banana  leaves) 
 Filling : 
 2 lbs lean meat - ground - ( this can be ½  beef , ½  pork  - or only  beef , or  chicken ) 
 6 red and green  chilli peppers  - cut up very small- seasoning  peppers , not hot 
 1 clove  garlic  grated 
 2 tsp  Worcestershire sauce 
 2 tablespoons  capers 
 2 tablespoons  raisins  - whole 
 2 tablespoons raisins - chopped 
 3 onions - minced 
 1 bunch herbs for pastelles ( Spanish  thyme , fine leaf  thyme , french  thyme , broad leaf  thyme ,  basil  remove stems, - use one tsp of each, cut up very small 
 8  olives  - cut into very small pieces 
 6  olives , cut up and added to one cup of  water  to make stock 
 a little tomato  ketchup 
 Directions : 
 Put ground  corn  into a mixing bow. 
 Cut  margarine  into small pieces and add to  corn . 
 Add  oil ,  salt ,  sugar . 
 Pour boiling  water  over mixture ( use 3. 
 5 cups at first ), then mix quickly with a round edged knife. 
 Mixture must be smooth, but not sticky. 
 Taste and add more  sugar  or  salt , if needed. 
 Filling : 
 Heat  oil , add garlic- fry until golden brown- remove  garlic . 
 Add meat and sauté until light brown. 
 Add  ketchup  and  worcestershire sauce . 
 Turn heat low and simmer for about 5 mins. 
 Add pastelle herbs, chopped  chilli peppers  and continue simmering until meat is tender. 
 Add stock and continue to simmer until filling is tender and moist. 
 Taste to see if seasonings need to be added. 
 Assembling the pastelles : 
 Prepare  banana  leaves - wilt leaves in boiling  water , take out and wipe dry- then cut up into sizes to wrap pastelles in. 
 Rub leaves with  oil  ( you can colour the  oil  with roo-coo (anatto) by putting the seeds into a piece of muslin, tied together, then soaked in hot  oil  ( not boiling  oil  otherwise the  oil  will turn black) - this is optional. 
 Place a small ball of  corn  mixture on the oiled leaf, pat down. 
 Place a piece of muslin over the patted down mixture and roll out thinly, using either a rolling pin or pastelle press. 
 Place a tablespoon of meat filling in the centre, ad a little cut  raisins ,  olives  and  capers . 
 Fold half of leaf over ( lengthways ) in such a manner that the  corn  mixture also folds completely over the meat filling, then bring other half of the leaf over to cover. 
 Use a second leaf on opposite grain, tightly fold in sides and tie up with a piece of twine. 
 At this stage, you can also use a piece of foil instead of the second leaf. 
 Steam pastelles covered in a colander or similar container over boiling  water  for 1½ hours. 
 To reheat, steam pastelles just before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Banana Recipes, Basil Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Corn Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Ketchup Recipes, Add category