Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_in_Beer

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 2   Directions 
 3   Other Links 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 	tbsp 	 vegetable oil 
 3 lbs 	Boneless chuck cut into 
 Chunks for stew 
 6 	cup 	Sliced  onions  (1 ½ lb) 
 salt  to taste 
 pepper  to taste 
 4 	 garlic  cloves, minced 
 1 	cup 	 beef stock  or bouillon 
 2 	tbsp 	 brown sugar 
 2 	cup 	To 3 cup dark  beer (microbrew preferred) 
 1 	large 	Herb bouquet * 
 1 1/2 	tbsp 	 cornstarch  - blended with 
 2 	tbsp 	 red wine vinegar 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Herb bouquet is 6  parsley  springs, one bay leave and ½ teaspoon dried  thyme  tied in a cheesecloth. 
Preheat oven to 32Add  oil  to heavy skillet and heat until almost smoking. 
Brown meat quickly in batches, do not crown the pan. 
Set meat aside. 
Reduce heat to medium, add  onions  (add more  oil  if necessary)and brown  onions  lightly for 10 minutes,  stirring frequently.
Remove from pan and set aside. 
Season with  salt  and  pepper  and then stir in  garlic . 
Arrange half of the browned meat in Dutch oven and season lightly with  salt  and  pepper . 
Spread half of the  onions  over the  Beef . 
Repeat with the rest of the  Beef  and  onions . 
Heat the stock in the skillet scrapping up any browned bits stuck to the bottom. 
Stir in the  brown sugar  and pour over the  Beef / Onion  mixture. 
Add enough  beer  so the meat is barely covered. 
Bury the herb bouquet in the center of the meat chunks. 
Bring the mixture to a simmer on top of the stove, cover and place in lower third of the preheated  325 degree oven.
Cook at slow simmer for 2 ½ hours. 
Remove herb bouquet. 
Drain liquid into a saucepan and skim off fat. 
Blend  cornstarch  mixture into the cooking liquid and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. 
Taste and correct seasoning. 
There should be about 2 cups of sauce. 
Pour sauce back over the meat. 
When ready to serve, cover the casserole and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes until meat is heated through. 
Serve with  new potatoes  or noodles garnished with  parsley .
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, New potato Recipes, Recipes using beer, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Add category