Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spicy_Grilled_Chicken_in_Tomato-Garlic-Ginger_Sauce

Ingredients : 
 1.5 lbs  chicken breasts , skinned, boned 
 3 dry whole  red peppers 
 1 teaspoon  garlic , minced 
 1 teaspoon  ginger , finely grated 
 2  red chilies , minced 
 1 cup  onions , finely chopped 
 1 cup  tomatoes , chopped 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  powder 
 1 teaspoon  coriander  powder 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric 
 ½ cup  green onion , cut in 1-inch length 
 salt  to taste 
 2 tablespoons  mustard oil 
 1 cup  chicken broth 
 1 cup Nepali  yogurt 
 ½ cup  onions , roughly chopped 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 1 teaspoon  timur 
 1 teaspoon  peppercorn 
 2  fresh red peppers 
 1 tablespoon  clarified butter 
 salt 
 Directions : 
 In a blender combine all the marinating ingredients to form smooth paste. 
 Pour the marinating paste over the  chicken  in a large bowl. 
 Mix well, cover, and let marinate for at least four hours. 
 Grill the marinated  chicken  on a charcoal grill, occasionally turning until cooked through, about 7 minutes. 
 Cut grilled  chicken  into 1-in strips. 
 In a sauce pan heat 2 tablespoons of  mustard oil . 
 Fry dry whole  red peppers  till dark. 
 Add  turmeric  and stir for 15 sec. 
 Add  onions , sauté in medium heat till brown. 
 Add  garlic ,  ginger , red chilies,  cumin , coriander,  black pepper , and  salt  to the  onion  mixture. 
 Fry for 30 sec, and add  tomatoes  and  chicken broth . 
 Lower the heat and let the tomato- onion  mixture simmer for 10 minutes till it thickens. 
 Transfer grilled  chicken  strips to the sauce, stir well. 
 Cook for another 10 minutes to evaporate excess liquid so that the  chicken  pieces are coated with the sauce. 
 Adjust seasoning with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Garnish with  green onions . 
 Serve with  rice , or roti. 
 
 
 
Categories: Nepali Meat Dishes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Mustard oil Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category