Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Scottish_Oxtail_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1.1   Spice bag 
 
 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 You won't find this one in the Campbell's Soup section of your local grocery store! When I was a child, this was a family favourite and my mother made it fairly often. Nowadays, oxtails are becoming increasingly hard to find, although you might get some from an old-fashioned butcher or meat market. Therefore, some folks now substitute inexpensive cuts of bone-in  Beef . Here, in the metropolitan Washington, DC area, I can occasionally get oxtails from the meat department at some of the Giant Food supermarkets. In my opinion, it is well worth the hunt for oxtails, because the taste is very distinctive and differen t than any  Beef  soup.
 
       Scottish Oxtail Soup     
 Ingredients : 
 1 	oxtail, cut into pieces,surplus fat removed 
 2 	 onions , chopped	(I recommend sweet  onions ) 
 1 	large  carrot , chopped 
 2 	stalks  celery , chopped 
 1 	ounce  butter 	(or meat dripping) 
 36 	ounces  beef stock 
 4 	ounces  tomato juice 
 1 	tablespoon  plain flour 
 3 	tablespoons  port wine 
 Spice bag : 
 1 	 bay leaf 
 3 	sprigs  thyme 
 4 	sprigs  parsley 	(including stalks) 
 1 	4-inch,  celery , , with leaves 
 2 	whole  green onions 
 Directions : 
 To make the spice bag, place 1  bay leaf , 3 sprigs  thyme , 4 large sprigs  parsley  (including stalks), one 4-inch piece  celery  stalked with leaves, and two whole  green onions  in the center of a square of double thickness cheesecloth. 
Fold up the sides of the cheesecloth and tie off the top very tightly to make a spice bag.
 
 Equivalent dry herbs may be substituted. 
 Fry the oxtail pieces and the vegetables in the fat for a few minutes until lightly browned. 
Remove from heat. 
Pour the  beef stock  into a saucepan and add the fried oxtail and vegetables as well as the spice bag. 
Bring to the boil, and then transfer to a crockpot and cook on high for 11⁄2– 2 hours (or longer if necessary) until the meat is tender. 
Strain the stock, cut all the meat (in small pieces) from the bones and then return the stock and meat to the pan. 
Bring to the boil. 
Puree. 
Mix the  flour  and  port  together and add to the soup. 
Simmer for 5 minutes before serving.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7b/Scottish_Oxtail.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004103']
Categories: Beef Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Port Recipes, Scottish Meat Dishes, Scottish Recipes, Scottish Soups, Thyme Recipes, Tomato juice Recipes, Add category