Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegie_Thins_Dog_Biscuit_Treats

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Contributed by: 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/4 cups  flour 
 1/4 cups dry  milk  powder 
 2 tablespoons dry  milk  powder (+ more) 
 1 vegetable cube -- or packet 
 1/4 cup boiling  water 
 2 tablespoons boiling  water  (+ more) 
 1/4 cup  safflower oil  (or  canola oil ) 
 1 teaspoon  brown sugar  not packed 
 1/4 cups  carrots , shredded or -ground 
 1/2  egg  or  egg substitute 
 Additional small  flour  for dusting 
 Variation: - garlic powder 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven 300 F.
 
 Dissolve veggie cube or packet in the boiling  water .Mix dry ingredients; mix wet ingredients separately, except  egg . Pour wet ingredients into dry; mix lightly. Add a well in the center and add the  egg . Mix. 
 
 Place dough on a lightly floured surface, sprinkle a little  flour  on top. Roll out to not more than 1/8". To avoid dough sticking to rolling pin, sprinkle a little  flour  on top of dough. The key is not to use too much  flour . They will puff up otherwise.
 
 Cut out shapes with a cookie cutter. 
 
 Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 15 minutes., turn them over and bake another 10 minutes.
 
 Cool on wire racks. Store in an airtight container.
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 
 
 
Categories: Brown sugar Recipes, Canola oil Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Add category