Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Flourless_Sugar-free_Chocolate_Cake

Description : 
 If you use a sugar free vanilla extract like Since Singing Dog Vanilla™, the only sugar source in this cake is the naturally occurring sugar in the almond flour. Top it with the  Sugar Free Chocolate Mousse  for a decadent sugar free treat.
 
 Serves:  8 
 Brought to you by  YC chocolate 
 Ingredients : 
 2 Tbsp unsalted  butter  (2 tsp to coat pan + 4 tsp to add to cake) 
 1 Tbsp unsweetened  cocoa powder 
 1 cup less 2 Tbsp  almond flour 
 .38 lb melted  YC Chocolate 70% Dark Chocolate for Cooking 
 ½ cup  sour cream 
 2  egg yolks  + 5  egg whites  (at room temperature) 
 1 tsp. Singing Dog Vanilla™ pure  vanilla extract 
 ¼ tsp.  salt 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Coat a 9” Spring form pan with butter and dust with cocoa powder. (do not tap out excess) 
 Combine melted chocolate and remaining butter. Stir until smooth and combined. In a large bowl combine the chocolate mixture with the almond flour, sour cream, egg yolks, and vanilla extract. Stir until well-blended. 
 With an electric mixture, beat egg whites and salt until stiff glossy peaks form. Add one-quarter of egg whites to the chocolate mixture to lighten. Gently fold in the remaining whites until no white streaks remain. 
 Pour into prepared pan and smooth the top. 
 Bake for 20 min or until cake has risen and is barely dry on the top. A wooden tooth pick inserted comes out with a lots of moist crumbs. 
 Place cake, still in the pan, on a rack and cool until warm. Cake will fall dramatically. Loosen edges of the cake with a knife and remove the pan sides. 
 This cake can be combined with the Sugar Free Chocolate Mousse and topped with toasted slivered almonds. Texture should be dense, moist and slightly fudgy . 
 Chocolate can be melted on low microwave setting just until melted or over a double boiler. 
 Nutritional Information : 
 4 g Net Digestible Carbs per serving size (without mousse or almonds), 
 1 g Sugar 
 
 
 
Categories: Cake Recipes, Sugar-free Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Add category