Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Appleby%27s_Tequila_Lime_Chicken


 
 Description : 
 Just be sure you don't marinate the chicken longer than the 3 to 4 hours, or the citric acid in the lime juice may toughen the chicken. The bed of crispy corn tortilla strips can be easily cloned with crumbled store-bought corn chips, but if you want strips like those served at the restaurant, just follow the "tidbits" below. Serve this dish with your choice of rice (Spanish rice) along with some pico de gallo or salsa on the side.  It serves 4.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4  chicken  breast fillets 
 1 cup shredded  cheddar  / Monterey  jack cheese  blend 
 Marinade : 
 1 cup  water 
 ⅓ cup  teriyaki sauce 
 2 tablespoons  lime juice 
 2 teaspoons minced  garlic 
 1 teaspoon mesquite  liquid smoke  flavoring 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  ginger 
 ¼ teaspoon  tequila 
 Mexi-Ranch Dressing : 
 ¼ cup  mayonnaise 
 ¼ cup  sour cream 
 1 tablespoon  milk 
 2 teaspoons minced  tomato 
 1½ teaspoons  white vinegar 
 1 teaspoon minced canned  jalapeno  slices (nacho slices) 
 1 teaspoon minced  onion 
 ¼ teaspoon dried  parsley 
 ¼ teaspoon  tabasco  pepper sauce 
 ⅛ teaspoon  salt 
 ⅛ teaspoon dried  dill weed 
 ⅛ teaspoon  paprika 
 ⅛ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 ⅛ teaspoon  cumin 
 ⅛ teaspoon  chili powder 
 dash  garlic powder 
 dash ground  black pepper 
 Tidbits : 
 2 cups crumbled  corn chips  or fried  tortilla  strips 
 Directions : 
 Marinade : 
 Prepare marinade by combining marinade ingredients in a medium bowl. 
 Add the chicken to the bowl, cover and chill for 2 to 3 hours. 
 Mexi-Ranch Dressing : 
 Make the Mexi-ranch dressing by combining all of the ingredients in a medium bowl. 
 Mix well until smooth, then cover dressing and chill it until needed. 
 Assembly : 
 When you are ready to prepare the entree, preheat the oven to high broil. 
 Also, preheat your barbecue or indoor grill to high heat. 
 When the grill is hot cook the marinated chicken breasts for 3 to 5 minutes per side, or until they're done. 
 Arrange the cooked chicken in a baking pan. 
 Spread a layer of mexi-ranch dressing over each piece of chicken (you'll have plenty left over), followed by ¼ cup of the shredded cheese blend. 
 Broil the chicken for 2 to 3 minutes, or just until the cheese has melted. 
 Spread a bed of ½ cup of the tortilla strips or crumbled corn chips on each of four plates. 
 Slide a chicken breast onto the chips on each plate and serve with your choice of rice,and pico de gallo or salsa. 
 Tidbits : 
 Crumbling store-bought tortilla chips is the easy way to make the bed of crunchy chips that the tequila lime chicken rests on. 
 You can make tortilla strips like those served at the restaurant by cutting a stack of eight 6-inch corn tortillas in half.  Stack the halves on top of each other and slice the tortillas into thin strips. Fry the tortilla strips in 2 cups of oil preheated in a large skillet for 3–5 minutes or until crispy. Salt lightly and cool on paper towels to drain. 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheddar Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sour cream Recipes, Tequila Recipes, Tomato Recipes, World Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Add category