Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_%C3%A0_la_d%27Albufera

Directions : 
 A classic Spanish dish of boned chicken with saffron that deserves a much wider audience than it currently has.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2.5 kg  chicken 
 2  chicken livers , 1 chicken  heart  ( giblets  should be in a bag within the chicken) 
 40 g  unsalted butter 
 60 g  white rice 
 35 ml  white wine 
 35 ml  white vermouth 
 430 ml  chicken stock 
 generous pinch of  saffron 
 6  cardamom  pods, cracked 
 1  bay leaf 
 1  egg 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 2 peeled  carrots , diced 
 2 peeled  onions , sliced 
 1 stick  celery , diced 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 4 cracked  cardamom  pods 
 1  bay leaf 
 50 ml  white wine 
 breastbones from the chicken 
 Directions : 
 Chop the livers and heart into small pieces then fry with a little butter in a heavy-bottomed pot for about a minute. 
 Transfer to a plate then melt the remainder of the butter in the pot and use this to fry the onions over a gentle heat, until softened. 
 Next add the rice and stir for two minutes. 
 Add the white wine and vermouth and then the chicken stock along with the saffron, bay leaf, cardamom and a twist of black pepper. 
 Cover the pot and allow the rice to cook for fifteen minutes, until it's just ready. 
 Now add the fried liver and heart take off the heat and place in a bowl. 
 Add the egg, mix-in thoroughly and allow to cool. 
 Meanwhile begin preparing the bird by cutting out the two breasts. 
 Then, with a pair of scissors cut away the exposed breastbone. 
 Season the inside of the chicken liberally with salt and ground pepper. 
 Spoon the cooked rice inside the bird so that the entirety of the inside of the bird is filled then replace the two breasts. 
 At this stage truss the bird in several layers of muslin so that it's completely secure and the breasts are held in place. 
 Place the bird in a casserole or cooking dish that's taller than the bird, add the cooking ingredients and enough water to just cover the bird. 
 Bring the water to a simmer and skim-off any foam that rises to the top. 
 Once the foam has stopped cover the pot and allow to cook, undisturbed, for an hour and a quarter. 
 Take off the heat and allow the bird to sit for half an hour in the stock. 
 De-bone the chicken and serve on a warm serving dish along with the rice (spoon the broth over the top but reserve the remainder for making saffron broth). 
 
 
 
Categories: Cardamom Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken liver Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Dry vermouth Recipes, Egg Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Giblets Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category