Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tie-Dye_Cheesecake


 
 Contents 
 
 1   INGREDIENTS   
 
 1.1   CRUST 
 1.2   FILLING 
 1.3   TOPPING 
 
 
 2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 2.1   For the crust 
 2.2   For the filling 
 2.3   For the topping 
 
 
 
 
 INGREDIENTS   : 
 CRUST : 
 2 cups crushed Golden Oreos 
 3 tablespoons melted butter 
 1 tablespoon sprinkles 
 FILLING : 
 2 pounds cream cheese, room temperature 
 1 1/3 cups sugar 
 4 eggs 
 1 tablespoon vanilla extract 
 1/4 teaspoon salt 
 2/3 cup sour cream 
 2/3 cup heavy whipping cream 
 Food coloring 
 TOPPING : 
 1 cup heavy whipping cream 
 1-2 tablespoons powdered sugar 
 Sprinkles 
 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 For the crust : 
 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. 
 Prepare a 9" springform pan with cooking spray. 
 In a small bowl combine Oreo crumbs and melted butter until throughly combined. 
 Press crumb mixture into the bottom of the pan and about 1/2 inch up the side. 
 Bake 12 - 15 minutes until the crumbs are set. 
 Let cool on a wire rack 
 For the filling : 
 Preheat oven to 325 degrees. 
 In a stand mixer, fitted with a paddle attachment, cream cream cheese until light and fluffy. 
 Add sugar and beat on high for an additional 3 minutes. 
 Add vanilla extract and salt and mix until just combined. 
 Add eggs, one at a time, scraping down the side of the bowl with a spatula after each addition. 
 Add sour cream and mix until combined. 
 Add heavy cream and mix until combined. 
 Divide the batter into four bowls. Add a few drops of food coloring to each one. 
 Transfer colorful batter to four separate pipping bags. Twist the tops and and place them in a large bowl. 
 Starting with one color, cut the bottom of the pipping bag and place a few generous dollops of batter all over the crust. Repeat with another colors (making sure you evenly distribute them) until you reach the top of the pan. 
 Once your dollops are filled to the top, stick a knife down into the batter and make a swirling like motion all over the pan. 
 Wrap the outside of your springform pan in aluminum foil. 
 Place the pan inside a high-sided roasting pan. 
 Create a water bath by filling the roasting pan with hot water until you reach halfway up the side of the cheesecake pan. 
 Bake for 1 1/2 hours. 
 After an hour and a half, turn the oven off and crack the door open 1 inch. 
 Leave the cheesecake like this for 1 hour. 
 After an hour, take the cheesecake out of the oven and place aluminum foil over the top (making sure the foil does not actually touch the cheesecake). 
 Place in the refrigerator for 4 hours. 
 For the topping : 
 In a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, mix heavy whipping cream on a high speed until it begins to thicken. 
 Add powdered sugar and whip until the cream has become firm. 
 Put whipping cream into a prepared piping bag with a star tip. 
 Pipe stars all over the top of the cheesecake. 
 Add sprinkles. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheesecake Recipes, Cookie Recipes, Butter Recipes, Sprinkles, Cream cheese Recipes, Sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Salt Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Whipped cream, Powdered Sugar Recipes, Add category