Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mini_Pumpkin-Gingerbread_Cupcakes

Description : 
 These versatile little cakes can be enjoyed as breakfast muffins, snacks or dessert. By using natural cane sugar, whole wheat pastry flour and expeller pressed canola oil, along with natural cream cheese instead of sugary frosting, these cupcakes are a more healthful version of the common seasonal cupcakes that come loaded with white sugar, hydrogenated vegetable oil and artificial flavorings.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Makes 32 mini cupcakes 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  unbleached white flour 
 1 cup whole wheat  pastry flour 
 2 teaspoons  baking powder 
 2 teaspoons  ginger 
 1 teaspoon  cinnamon 
 ¼ teaspoon  nutmeg 
 ¼ teaspoon  sea salt 
 1 cup packed natural  cane sugar 
 ½ cup expeller pressed  canola oil 
 2 organic  eggs 
 2 teaspoons  vanilla extract 
 1 cup canned  pumpkin 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Line a miniature muffin pan with mini cupcake liners or spray and flour the pan using canola or olive oil cooking spray. 
 Set aside. 
 In a large mixing bowl, stir together the flours, baking powder, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and sugar. 
 In a separate medium bowl, whisk together the canola oil, eggs, vanilla and pumpkin. 
 Pour into flour mixture and stir to combine. 
 Spoon the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 15 minutes or until done when tested with a toothpick. 
 Allow the cupcakes to cool in the pan for 15 minutes then continue to cool on wire racks. 
 When cool, frost with maple cream cheese frosting. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving with frosting (39 g-wt.): 
 
 130 calories (70 from fat) | 8g total fat | 3g saturated fat | 2g protein | 14g total carbohydrate (less than 1g dietary fiber, 8g sugar) | 25mg cholesterol | 95mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Unbleached flour Recipes, Pastry flour Recipes, Cupcake Recipes, Egg Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Add category