Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cannoli_with_Peanut_Butter_Filling

Ingredients : 
 Peanut butter mousse : 
 3 cups  soymilk 
 12 oz  cocoa butter , chopped into pieces 
 ¾ cup + 2 Tbsp organic  Sugar 
 1 Tbsp pure  vanilla extract 
 ½ cup smooth or chunky  peanut butter 
 3 Tbsp  maple syrup 
 Cannoli shells : 
 2 Tbsp  peanuts 
 1 ½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 Tbsp  cocoa powder 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ¾ cup organic  Sugar 
 ¼ cup + 1 tsp  canola  or  grapeseed oil 
 ¼ tsp  egg replacer  powder 
 ⅛ tsp  guar gum 
 ½ cup  water 
 ½ cup  soymilk 
 1 Tbsp  maple syrup 
 1 ½ tsp pure  vanilla extract 
 Cannoli : 
 1 batch  peanut butter mousse 
 2  blood oranges , segmented and juice reserved 
 2 tbsp agave 
 2 tbsp cacao nibs for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Peanut butter mousse : 
 Place 1 cup  soymilk  in 2-cup measuring cup. 
 Add  cocoa butter  until contents reach 1¾ cups. 
 Fill bottom of double boiler with  water , and bring to a simmer over low heat. 
 Place  soymilk – cocoa butter  mixture, remaining  soymilk ,  sugar  and  vanilla  in top half of double boiler, making sure  water  does not touch top half. 
 Stir until mixture is melted and heated through. 
 Let cool to maximum 100°F — a very important step. 
 When cool, beat 2 minutes. 
 Add  peanut butter  and  maple syrup , mixing well. 
 Pour mixture into container, and let cool at room temperature 15 minutes. 
 Refrigerate overnight to firm. 
 Cannoli shells : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Toast  peanuts  in oven, 5 to 7 minutes, until lightly brown. 
 Grind in food processor about 30 seconds, or until coarsely chopped. 
 Sift together  flour ,  cocoa powder ,  salt  and  sugar . 
 Brush sheet pan with 1 teaspoon  oil , and line with sheet of parchment paper. 
 Place  egg  replacer,  guar gum ,  water , ¼ cup  oil ,  soymilk ,  maple syrup  and  vanilla  in blender. 
 Process on high about 1 minute, or until thoroughly emulsified. 
 Add wet ingredients to dry ingredients, and whisk until smooth. 
 Using offset metal spatula, spread about ½ teaspoon of batter in circle on parchment, 2 to 3 inches in diameter and about 1/16-inch thick. 
 Repeat with remaining batter until sheet pan holds 4 to 6 shells. 
 Sprinkle shells with ground  peanuts , and bake about 7 minutes. 
 Rotate tray, and bake 3 or 4 more minutes, or until cannoli shells look dry, but are still malleable. 
 Using metal spatula, loosen shells from sheet pan. 
 Cannoli : 
 To assemble shells, wearing oven mitts, wrap first shell around handle of whisk, and hold 2 or 3 seconds, or until set. 
 Slide shaped shell off whisk handle, and set aside to cool. 
 Repeat with remaining shells, working quickly before shells harden. 
 If too firm, place shells back in oven 2 minutes at a time. 
 Place  Peanut butter  Mousse in pastry bag fitted with star tip, and pipe mousse into each cannoli shell. 
 To serve, toss  blood orange  segments, reserved blood  orange juice  and agave in bowl. 
 Distribute evenly between six dessert plates. 
 Place two cannolis on each plate, and sprinkle with cacao nibs. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Blood orange Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Cocoa butter Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Citrus Desserts, Add category