Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Ribbons_of_Thai-style_Steak

Description : 
 The following recipe is from Scripps Network's 'Great Taste' event of May 4, 2002.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Yield: about 1½ cups of Thai Red Curry Paste, about 1 cup Peanut Sauce 
 Ingredients : 
 1  flank steak  (about 2 pounds), very cold (see cook's note.) 
 ½ cup  Thai Red Curry Paste , recipe follows 
 ¾ cup unsweetened  coconut milk 
 ¼ cup firmly packed  dark brown sugar 
 1 tablespoon southeast Asian  fish sauce 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric  (optional) 
 spray oil 
 Peanut Sauce , recipe follows 
 equipment: bamboo  skewers  soaked in warm water for 10 minutes 
 Thai Red Curry Paste : 
 8 dried  red chiles , like  arbol , stemmed and seeded 
 1 tablespoon  coriander seeds 
 2 teaspoons  cumin  seeds 
 1 teaspoon  white peppercorns 
 ¼ cup packed roughly chopped  coriander leaves , stems, and roots (cilantro) 
 2 tablespoons southeast Asian  fish sauce 
 2 teaspoons  kosher salt 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cardamom  (optional) 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  nutmeg 
 2 medium  fresh red chiles , stemmed and chopped 
 5 cloves  garlic 
 3  shallots 
 2 fresh  lemongrass  stalks (about 6 ounces), trimmed and thinly sliced 
 1-inch piece fresh  ginger , peeled and chopped 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil , like  soy ,  peanut , or  corn 
 Peanut Sauce : 
 2 tablespoons  coconut cream  skimmed from the top of canned coconut milk 
 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon  Thai Red Curry Paste , see above 
 1 cup  chicken broth , homemade or low-sodium canned 
 ¼ cup unsweetened  coconut milk 
 ¼ cup chunky  peanut butter 
 1 tablespoon southeast Asian  fish sauce 
 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed  lime juice , or more to taste 
 Directions : 
 Using a sharp knife, slice the steak, against the grain and on angle, into thin strips about an inch wide. 
 In a large bowl, whisk together the paste, coconut milk, sugar, fish sauce, and turmeric, if using. 
 Add the beef, mix well, and set aside at room temperature to marinate for at least 1 hour. 
 Preheat an outdoor grill. 
 Thread the beef onto skewers, then lightly spray them with oil. 
 Working in batches grill the beef, over high heat until just cooked through, about 2 to 4 minutes. 
 Transfer the beef skewers to a serving platter and serve with the peanut sauce. 
 Cook's note: slicing meat thin can be tricky. The meat will be much easier to slice if it is chilled in the freezer until firm. 
 Thai Red Curry Paste : 
 Toast the dried chiles in a small dry skillet over medium-high heat until smoky and fragrant. 
 Transfer to a medium bowl, cover with hot water, and set aside until softened, about 10 minutes. 
 Drain and roughly chop the chiles. 
 Toast the coriander, cumin seeds, and peppercorns in the skillet over medium-high heat until toasted and fragrant. 
 Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly. 
 Grind the spices in a spice mill (clean coffee grinder). 
 In a food processor, combine the chiles, ground spices, and all of the ingredients, except for the oil, and puree into a paste. 
 Gradually add the oil with the machine running, and puree until smooth. 
 Store the paste in a tightly sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. 
 Peanut Sauce : 
 Stir-fry the coconut cream in a small saucepan over medium heat, until the oil separates and sizzles, about 2 minutes. 
 Add the curry paste and stir-fry until fragrant, about 2 minutes. 
 Whisk in the broth, coconut milk, peanut butter, and fish sauce. 
 Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 10 minutes. 
 Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl and cool to room temperature. 
 Whisk in the lime juice just before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Beef flank Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Chile de arbol Recipes, Coconut cream Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Skewer Recipes, Add category