Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   INGREDIENTS 
 
 1.1   FOR THE CAKE: 
 1.2   FOR THE GLAZE: 
 
 
 2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 2.1   TO MAKE THE CAKE: 
 2.2   TO MAKE THE GLAZE: 
 
 
 
 
 INGREDIENTS : 
 FOR THE CAKE: : 
  3 cups + 2 tablespoons (375g) all-purpose flour 
  1 teaspoon lemon zest 
  1 teaspoon baking powder 
  1/2 teaspoon baking soda 
  1/4 teaspoon salt 
  1 cup (226g) unsalted butter, softened 
  2 cups (400g) granulated sugar 
  4 large eggs 
  1 cup milk 
  1/3 cup lemon juice 
 FOR THE GLAZE: : 
  4 ounces (113g) cream cheese, at room temperature 
  1 cup (110g) confectioners’ sugar, sifted 
  1 teaspoon lemon juice 
  2 to 3 tablespoons milk 
  lemon curls and coarse zest, for garnish 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 TO MAKE THE CAKE: : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. Generously grease a 10- or 12-cup Bundt pan. 
 Whisk together the flour, zest, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. 
 Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Mix in the lemon juice. 
 Reduce mixer speed to low. Add the flour mixture in three portions, alternating with two portions of the milk. Mix just until combined. 
 Transfer the batter to the prepared pan, and spread evenly. 
 Bake 50 to 60 minutes, or until a pick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 15 minutes. Then transfer the cake to a wire rack to cool completely. 
 TO MAKE THE GLAZE: : 
 Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the cream cheese, confectioners’ sugar, and lemon juice until thoroughly combined and smooth. 
 Add 2 tablespoons of milk and mix well. Add more milk, a small amount at a time, if needed to attain the desired consistency. The glaze should be thick but pourable. 
 Pour the glaze over the cooled cake. Garnish with lemon curls and coarse lemon zest. 
 
 
 
Categories: Lemon Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Lemon zest Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Butter Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Add category