Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ghirardelli_Chocolate_Nut_Biscotti

Description : 
 These are delicious  chocolate  Biscotti's with a hint of  coffee  flavor. So good with a cup of  coffee  or a glass of wine. The recipe comes from Ghirardelli  chocolate . Enjoy.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large  eggs 
 2 tablespoons instant  coffee 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla 
 2 cups  flour 
 1½ teaspoons  baking powder 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ cup  butter , softened 
 ¾ cup  granulated sugar 
 1 cup  almonds , sliced or chopped 
 4 ounces  bittersweet chocolate , baking bar chopped. (I have used unsweetened  baking chocolate ) 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 325 °F. 
 Lightly grease and  flour  large baking sheet (I sprayed with PAM) 
 In a small bowl, stir the  eggs ,instant  coffee  and  vanilla  until well blended and set aside. 
 In a medium bowl, mix  flour ,  baking powder  and  salt  and set aside. 
 In a large bowl, beat the  butter  and  sugar  with an electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. 
 Beat in  egg  mixture. 
 Gradually add the  flour  mixture, beating well after addition. 
 Stir in  chocolate  and  nuts . 
 Divide the dough into 2 equal portions. 
 On a lightly floured surface, shape the dough into 2 logs, each 14" long, 1½" wide, and 1" thick. 
 Place the logs on baking sheet. 
 Bake for 25 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Set the baking sheet on a wire rack to cool 10 minutes. 
 Remove the logs to cutting board (I usually just cut them on the cookie sheet) cut with serrated knife, cut diagonally into ½ inch thick slices. 
 Place slices ½ inch apart upright (not on sides). 
 Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until slightly dry. 
 Remove to rack to cool. I leave mine on cookie sheets, let cool. Then drizzle with melted  chocolate  (I melt  chocolate  in microwave) the  chocolate  is just my addition so good with a cup of  coffee . 
 Store biscotti in air tight container. 
 
 
 
Categories: Italian Snacks, Biscuit Recipes, Bittersweet chocolate Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Almond Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category