Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Blackberry_Custard_Squares

A solid tasting  blackberry  based recipe, no regrets when you spend your time making it and tasting it ! Enjoy !
Makes 8 servings. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 CRUST:
 
 2 cup	 vanilla  wafer crumbs 
 1/2 cup Toasted chopped  almonds  or  walnuts 
 1 tbl  granulated sugar 
 1/3 cup  butter , melted 
 CUSTARD LAYER:
 
 2/3 cup	 granulated sugar 
 2 tbl  cornstarch 
 2 cup  milk 
 3 x  egg  yolks 
 3 1/2 tsp  vanilla 
 1 1/2 env unflavoured  gelatin 
 1/3 cup	Cold  water 
 Blackberry  LAYER:
 
 3 cup Raspberries 
 1/2 cup	 granulated sugar 
 1 tbl  lemon juice 
 1 cup  whipping cream 
 Directions : 
 Serve this dessert with whole fresh  blackberries  in the summer or, in winter, puree frozen  blackberries  to serve as a sauce. 
 Crust: In bowl, combine crumbs,  almonds  and  Sugar ; mix in  butter . 
 Pat into 8-inch (2 L) square glass baking dish. 
 Bake in 350 F (180 C) oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until fragrant and lightly browned. Let cool on rack. 
 Custard Layer: Meanwhile, in heavy saucepan, stir  Sugar  with  cornstarch ; whisk in  milk  and cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, for 5 to 10 minutes or until slightly thickened and smooth. 
 In bowl, whisk  egg  yolks; stir in half of the hot  milk  mixture. 
 Return  egg  yolk mixture to pan; cook, stirring constantly, for about 3 minutes or until thickened. 
 Remove from heat; stir in  vanilla . 
 Stir  gelatin  into cold  water ; let stand for 1 minute, then stir half of the mixture into custard. 
 Cover and set remaining  gelatin  mixture aside for  blackberry  layer. 
 Lay plastic wrap directly on surface of custard; let cool. 
 Pour over crust and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours. 
 Blackberry  Layer: Press  blackberries  through food mill or fine sieve to mask, remove seeds and make about 1 cup (250 mL). 
 Transfer to small saucepan; add  Sugar  and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes, stirring to dissolve  Sugar . 
 Remove from heat; stir in  lemon juice  and reserved  gelatin  mixture until  gelatin  is dissolved. 
 Chill until consistency of raw  egg  whites. 
 Whip  cream ; fold in  blackberry  mixture. 
 Spread over custard; cover and refrigerate until set, about 4 hours. 
 (Dessert can be covered and refrigerated for up to 2 days.) 
 Cut into squares to serve with forks. 
 To toast  almonds , spread on baking sheet and bake in 350 F (180 C) oven for 5 to 7 minutes or until golden. 
 
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Canadian Desserts, Canadian Recipes, Blackberry Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Almond Recipes, Custard Recipes, Add category