Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cheese_Enchilada

Description : 
 Cheese Enchiladas are a favorite in my family and I hope they will soon be the same in yours. Although they are simple we will still take you through our step-by-step instructions. This recipe makes around 12 enchiladas, which serves 4 people.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Enchilada : 
 3 cups  chicken broth  (or 3 cups of water) 
 ⅛ teaspoon  red pepper 
 3 tablespoons  chili powder 
 1½ teaspoon ground  cumin  powder 
 1½ teaspoon  salt 
 ¾ teaspoon  garlic powder 
 4 tablespoons  corn oil 
 4 tablespoons  flour 
 corn  tortillas 
 cheddar  cheese 
 Velveeta 
 1  onion 
 Sauce : 
 4 tablespoons  corn oil 
 6 tablespoons  flour 
 1½ teaspoon  cumin  powder 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 3 tablespoons  chili powder 
 ⅛ teaspoon  red pepper 
 ¾ teaspoon  garlic powder 
 Equipment : 
 large, or medium size pan 
 frying pan 
 cheese grater 
 measuring cups 
 measuring spoons 
 spoon 
 spatula, or tongs for frying tortillas 
 Directions : 
 Sauce : 
 Put a sauce pan on a medium heat burner and mix together the sauce ingredients. 
 Cook for one minute, stirring the ingredients together. 
 Now add the three cups of water and keep stirring until it is thickened to the consistency of a thin gravy. 
 Keep sauce warm while you work on the rest of the recipe. 
 Enchilada : 
 Soft frying tortillas is quite easy. 
 If you have never done this before we will show you how. (never leave a skillet, or frying pan with oil in it unattended it could start a fire. If you have small children in your house make sure that the handle of your frying pan, or skillet is out of their reach). 
 Put about ¼th of an inch of corn oil in the frying pan. 
 Turn the burner to medium high and let it heat up the oil. 
 Then carefully place one of the corn tortillas in the hot oil. 
 Cook for 5 seconds, then flip it over using a pair of tongs, or forks. 
 Cook the other side for 5 seconds as well, before removing the tortilla from the pan. 
 Once you remove it from the pan blot it off using paper towels. 
 You will need to soft fry around 20 tortillas. 
 This is so you will have a few extra. 
 Now its time to grate the cheese. 
 You will want to evenly mix one cup of grated cheddar cheese with one cup grated velveeta. 
 It should look like the picture to the left once you have evenly mixed them. 
 You will also want to chop up your onion now. 
 Assembling the enchiladas : 
 We will take you through making the first one. 
 First you will want to give your enchilada sauce a quick stir to make sure it is still warm and well mixed. 
 If it is not warm enough just turn the burner back on for a few minutes and heat it up a little. 
 If you have to do this make sure you stir it at the same time. 
 Now, lets get back to the instructions. 
 You will want to take one of the soft fried tortillas and dip it in the enchilada sauce. 
 Once you dip your soft fried tortilla, then sprinkle ¼ cup of cheese and a tablespoon of onion, as seen to your left. 
 Then roll it up and place it on a serving plate. 
 You will want to do this with all of your tortillas. I would suggest making them on a different plate than what you are going to serve them on. The enchilada sauce will make it a huge mess if you don't. 
 Topping : 
 Once you have finished making all the enchiladas add a few more large spoonfuls of enchilada sauce on top along with more cheese and more onion. 
 The pictures to the left will serve as a good guide to the amounts. 
 If you skip putting the enchilada sauce on top they will taste more like a cheese taco rather than an enchilada. 
 That wouldn't be good! * if your tortillas and enchilada sauce is not hot enough to melt the cheese then zap them in the microwave for about 30 seconds. 
 If you like, top your enchiladas off with an over easy fried egg. 
 Now enjoy your enchiladas! 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Enchilada Recipes, Gourmandise Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category