Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Zeytinyagli_Yaprak_Sarmasi

Description : 
 It is a very popular dish in all regions. It is a favorite at tea and coctail parties and picnics. The vine leaves can be pickled in brine and used out of season. In that case, they should first be soaked in warm  water  to reduce the  salt , and the amount of  salt  used in the recepie should be halved.
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 150 grams  vine leaves 
 2⅔ cups (550g)  water 
 3 teaspoons (18g)  salt 
 6 big (600g)  onion 
 ¾ cup (150g) olive  oil 
 2 tablespoon (20g)  pine nuts 
 1⅓ cup (240g)  rice 
 2 teaspoons (8g)  sugar 
 2 tablespoons (20g)  currants 
 1 small size bunch (40g)  parsley 
 1 small size bunch (30g)  dill 
 10-15 leaves (10g) fresh  mint 
 ¾ teaspoon (1.5g)  cinnamon 
 ¾ teaspoon (1.5g) black  pepper 
 ½ teaspoon (2g)  allspice 
 2 tablespoons (20g)  lemon juice 
 1 medium size (100g)  lemon 
 Directions : 
 Wash the vine leaves and remove the coarse stems. 
 Put the  water  and a teaspoon of  salt  in a pot. Bring to boil and add half of the leaves. Simmer them for 4–5 minutes, turning over once. 
 Simmer the other half in similar fashion. 
 Measure the cooking liquid and complete it to 2¾ cups and set aside. 
 Peel the  onions , wash and chop finely, place in pot together with  oil  and  nuts , cover and sauté for 20 minutes over low heat, stirring occasionally. 
 Stir a few time with the lid removed so that the  nuts  are browned. 
 Wash and drain the  rice  and add to the pot and stir a couple of times. 
 Add the remaining  salt ,  sugar  and the 1¾ cups of the hot cooking liquid, stir and sprinkle with  currants . 
 Simmer it on first medium and then low heat for 10–15 minutes, until all the liquid is reduced. 
 Wash the  parsley  and the  dill  and remove the stems and chop finely. 
 Add them to the cooked  rice  together with  mint , spices and the  lemon  juice and leave covered for 10 minutes. 
 Place the vine leaves so that the side with veins face inside when wrapped. Place the prepared filling to one side, fold the side edges over he filling and then wrap it. 
 Cover the bottom of a shallow saucepan with vine leaves and the removed  parsley  and  dill  stems and place the wrapped vine leaves over them. 
 Place a heat-proof flat plate over the leave wraps (dolmas). Heat the remaining boiling liquid and add to the pan slowly, pouring from the edge of the dolmas. 
 Cover and simmer over low heat for 50 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish when cool, and garnish with  lemon  slices. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3e/Zeytinyagli_Yaprak_Sarmasi.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004335']
Categories: Turkish Appetizers, Rice Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Grape leaf Recipes, Add category