Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Planked_Salmon


 Description : 
 This recipe works for either a Salmon fillet or steak. Grilling the Salmon on a cedar plank gives it a rich, smoky flavour.
 
 Ingredients : 
 cedar plank, untreated and preferably made specifically for cooking purposes 
 spray-bottle filled with water 
 4  salmon  individual filets or steaks, preferably wild-caught as opposed to farmed 
 lemon juice , fresh, 1 tablespoon 
 maple syrup , 2 teaspoons 
 grapeseed oil  (or other light-flavoured oil), 2 tablespoons 
 chipotle  pepper, ½ teaspoon crushed dried chipotle pepper (a small amount of a chiptole-flavoured barbeque sauce can be substituted) 
 rosemary , dried, ½ teaspoon crushed 
 kosher salt 
 Garnish : 
 scallions , 2 thinly sliced for garnish 
 lemon juice , fresh, 2 tablespoons 
 chipotle pepper , ½ teaspoon crushed dried chipotle pepper (a small amount of a chiptole-flavoured barbeque sauce can be substituted) 
 Directions : 
 Soak plank completely immersed in water for several hours, or overnight. 
 Mix the lemon juice, maple syrup, chipotle and rosemary and oil in a small bowl. 
 Cover the salmon with the mixture and let it rest for 20 minutes at room temperature. 
 Thinly slice the scallions. 
 As per the serving suggestion outlined in the "ingredients" mix the 2 tablespoons of lemon juice and the chiptole in a small bowl. 
 Meanwhile prepare your barbeque at medium-high heat. 
 Place the plank on the centre of the barbeque and sprinkle the plank lightly with kosher salt. 
 Close the barbeque lid for a couple of minutes so top of plank dries slightly. 
 Place the salmon in the centre of the plank, leaving at least one-inch between the fish and the edge of the plank. 
 Reduce heat to low. 
 Close barbeque lid and cook for approximately 15 minutes or until desired doneness. 
 Use spray bottle to quench any fire on the edge of the plank. 
 When cooked, put on serving platter and garnish with scallions. 
 Serve with the lemon juice / chipotle mixture as an optional garnish. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7e/Maple-salmon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130614182600']
Categories: Salmon Recipes, Barbecue Recipes, Chipotle pepper Recipes, Add category