Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Seafood_Pasta

Ingredients : 
 1 pound  shrimp  (31-40 count) 
 1 pound  scrod  filets 
 1  Anaheim  or other "mildly hot" fresh  green pepper  (about 5 inches long-diced) 
 1 cup  broccoli  florets (pre-cooked until just a bit tender) 
 pint of fresh  mushrooms , washed and sliced-leave a few whole 
 1 large  roma tomato  - diced 
 2  lemons  - juiced 
 ¼ cup Gazebo Room dressing (Greek  salad dressing ) 
 4 tablespoons  butter  (not  margarine ) 
 salt 
 pepper 
 about ½ cup  water 
 2 tbsp  flour 
 bowtie pasta  (4 servings worth-cooked al dente in salted  water  (1 teaspoon  salt  per quart) with the juice of one  lemon  added to the pot. (really!) this makes the  pasta  tasty! 
 Directions : 
 Sauté  shrimp  in large skillet with  mushrooms  and  peppers  in 2 tablespoons  butter  on medium high heat about 3 minutes until  shrimp  are opaque and pink. 
 Remove  shrimp . 
 Turn heat down. 
 Cool  shrimp  slightly, peel and set aside. 
 Keep  mushrooms ,  peppers , cooking to soften. 
 Don't let it dry out (this is a stopping point if you need more time to peel the  shrimp , add the liquid ingredients first then add the fish when you are ready). 
 Add to  mushrooms : juice of one  lemon , diced  tomato , dressing, rest of  butter  and scrod cut into large pieces (one pound filet will make about 8 pieces) try to get pieces about the same size. 
 Saute, and add  water  so the fish steams. 
 Keep heat on medium. 
 Turn fish pieces gently to cook through. 
 This will take less than 5 minutes-when fish looks solid white and flakes with fork it is done. 
 Toss  broccoli  and  shrimp  back in skillet. 
 Remove about ¼ cup hot liquid from skillet, stir  flour  into the hot liquid until smooth, then gently stir this mixture back into the skillet, trying not to break up the fish. 
 Cook one to two minutes longer. 
 This will slightly thicken the sauce, but will not be thick like gravy. 
 Serve over hot  pasta . 
 
 
 
Categories: Egyptian Meat Dishes, Farfalle Recipes, Cod Recipes, Haddock Recipes, Pollack Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, California chile Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Prepared salad dressing Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Add category