Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Empada


 Ingredients : 
 Crust 
 
 4 cups  all-purpose flour 
 12 oz  margarine 
 3  eggs 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 3 teaspoon cold  water 
 salt 
 Filling 
 
 2 boneless  Chicken  breast 
 ½ cup  green olives  (chopped) 
 ½ cup heart of palms chopped 
 2 tablespoon  all-purpose flour 
 1 chopped  Onion 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 2 tablespoon  tomato  paste 
 salt 
 To baste 
 
 1 egg yolk 
 Directions : 
 Crust 
 
 Separate one egg. 
 Combine the yolk and remaining whole eggs with flour, margarine, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. 
 Mix all ingredients for about 10 minutes or until it becomes dough while holding the bowl with the hand. 
 Add the spoons of cold water to the mixture to reach the dough consistency. 
 
Filling
 
 
 Combine chicken breast, chopped onion, oil, salt, and 1 cup of water in a pressure cooker. 
 Place the pressure cooker in medium-heat and chicken is ready 10 minutes after the regulator starts to blow steam, or cook for about 30 minutes in a saucepan. 
 Remove cooked chicken and save the broth. 
 Chop chicken breast and place it in a saucepan. 
 Add green olives, heart of palms, tomato paste and stir in 2 tablespoon of flour. 
 Place sauce pan over medium heat and cook filling while adding broth slowly to give a paste like consistency. 
 Take small amounts of dough and press against the mold to line it up to a bit over the edge. 
 Fill the mold with chicken. 
 Make a small lid with the dough and cover the mold. 
 Press the lid borders against the mold to seal the line crust with the cover and cut the excess off. 
 Brush top of pies with egg yolk. 
 Bake 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Bake for about 25 minutes of until top becomes golden brown. 
 Let it cool and release from molds. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/27/Empadacorte.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004227']
Categories: Brazilian Appetizers, Chicken Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Meat appetizer Recipes, Savory pastry appetizer Recipes, Add category