Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Persian_Rice_in_Cabbage

Description : 
 Apples  are a staple of ancient Persian and modern Iranian cooking, where they are often found in savory stews and  rice  dishes.  Apples  are also used symbolically to represent beauty, especially during New Year celebrations, when they are displayed on a ceremonial cloth, with six other symbolic foods.
 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 x 2-pound  green cabbage 
 1 cup  long-grain white rice 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 1  Granny Smith apple , cored and finely chopped 
 1 small  onion , finely chopped 
 1 small  sweet red pepper , seeded 
 ⅓ cup dried  currants  or chopped and finely chopped  raisins 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 2 cups hot  water 
 ¼ teaspoon crumbled  saffron  threads or  ground turmeric 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 Directions : 
 Core the  cabbage  but keep it whole. 
 In large pot, heat  cabbage  and enough  water  to cover to boiling over high heat, reduce heat to simmer and cook 7 minutes. 
 Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. 
 Meanwhile, prepare  rice . 
 In large skillet, heat  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add  onion  and red pepper, sauté 5 minutes. 
 Stir in  cumin  and  saffron , cook 2 minutes, stir in  rice ,  apple , and  currants , cook 2 minutes. 
 Add  water  and  salt  to  rice  mixture. 
 Heat to boiling, reduce heat to low, cover and cook 12 minutes ( rice  will be undercooked). 
 Remove  rice  mixture from heat and set aside. 
 Remove the 12 best-shaped, largest leaves from the  cabbage . 
 Trim the ribs so they are the same thickness as the leaves. 
 oil  the inside of an 8-inch metal colander. 
 Line the bottom and inside of colander with  cabbage  leaves. 
 Spoon  rice  filling  cabbage  "bowl", packing it tightly. 
 Top with remaining 4  cabbage  leaves, tucking ends of leaves inside colander to cover filling completely. 
 Fill a large pot (one big enough to fit colander inside ) with about 1 inch  water . 
 Place colander with stuffed  cabbage  in pot and heat to simmering. 
 Cover and steam  cabbage  20 minutes. 
 Remove colander with  cabbage  from pot and let cool 10 minutes. 
 Place a flat serving plate upside down on top of colander, then holding the plate and colander firmly together, turn them over. 
 Gently lift the colander off  cabbage  and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Persian Vegetarian, Granny Smith apple Recipes, Ground turmeric Recipes, Green cabbage Recipes, Onion Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, White rice Recipes, Currant Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category