Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Braised_Beef_Maitre_Menan


 
 Description : 
 The  Beef  for this richly aromatic dish must be marinated for 48 hours, so start preparations 2 or 3 days before you plan to serve it. Naturally, this is wonderful dish for reheating, with only the  potatoes  cooked at the last minute. Servers 6 person.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 pounds  Beef  chuck roast, rolled and tied 
 5 cups Jordan  Cabernet Sauvignon 
 2  carrots , peeled and diced 
 1 large  yellow onion , roughly chopped 
 2 sprigs  thyme 
 2 sprigs  marjoram 
 1 whole head  garlic , unpeeled, root removed, cut in half 
 2 pounds  Veal  knuckles (or 1 pound sliced  Veal  shanks) 
 kosher salt  and freshly ground  pepper 
 3 tablespoons  peanut oil 
 5 cups homemade  veal stock , or 
 frozen concentrated  veal stock  diluted with  water 
 1 to 2 tablespoons  tomato  paste 
 1  bouquet garni  (see below) 
 1 to 2 tablespoons  sherry vinegar 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 2 tablespoons  cornstarch , mixed with a little cold  water 
 Boiled  potatoes 
 Chopped  parsley 
 ---  bouquet garni : 
 3 sprigs  parsley 
 2 sprigs  thyme 
 2 sprigs  marjoram  or  oregano 
 2  bay leaves 
 2 small, leafy  celery  ribs 
 Directions : 
 Bind all ingredients together with kitchen string. 
 Place the  Beef  in a large ceramic or stainless steel bowl. Add the  carrots ,  onions ,  thyme ,  marjoram , and  garlic . Pour in the  red wine . Cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 48 hours, turning meat occasionally. 
 Preheat oven to 400 °F. Put  Veal  knuckles in a roasting pan and roast, turning to brown on all sides, about 30 minutes. 
 Remove  Beef  from marinade, pat dry with paper towels, and season liberally with  salt  and  pepper . Heat the  oil  in a large, heavy pot equipped with a cover over medium-high heat. Add the  Beef  and brown on all sides, turning as it browns, about 15 minutes. Remove  Beef  from pot and reduce heat to medium. Add the drained, marinated vegetables, except the  garlic . Cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, about 15 minutes. 
 Return  Beef  to the pot with vegetables. Add  Veal  knuckles, wine marinade,  garlic ,  veal stock ,  tomato  paste, and  bouquet garni . (Liquid should cover meat by 1 or 2 inches.) Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce heat to low, cover pot and simmer, turning  Beef  occasionally, until meat is easily pierced with a fork, about 3 hours. 
 Remove  Beef  and set aside. Increase heat to medium and simmer broth to concentrate flavors and reduce volume, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove and discard  Veal  knuckles,  garlic  and  bouquet garni . Strain broth through a fine sieve into a bowl and skim off fat; then return liquid to rinsed pot. Stir in  sherry vinegar  and  butter  to balance flavors. Taste sauce, and adjust seasoning with  salt  and  pepper . Bring to a simmer and add  cornstarch  mixture, stirring until it thickens, about 30 seconds. Remove strings from  Beef , cut meat into thick pieces and return to sauce to heat through. Serve with boiled  potatoes  and garnish with  parsley . 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Bouquet garni Recipes, Cabernet Sauvignon Recipes, Jordanian Meat Dishes, Jordanian Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Marjoram Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Add category