Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Banana_Blossom_Salad

Serves 4 
 Ingredients : 
 1  banana blossom  (1- 1 1/2 pounds) - available in Asian markets 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 4 cups  water 
 1 large whole  Chicken  breast (about 3/4 pound) 
 1 cup loosely packed  mint  leaves 
 1 cup loosely packed  basil  leaves 
 1/2 pound  mung beans  sprouts 
 1/2 small red  bell pepper , thinly sliced 
 1/2 cup  peanuts , roasted (see below) and coarsely ground 
 1/3 cup Dressing for Salad (see below) 
 DRESSING FOR SALAD (Tuk Trey): 
 1/4 cup  water 
 1/2 cup  Sugar 
 1  garlic  clove 
 1 small  shallot 
 1/2 cup fish sauce 
 5 teaspoons fresh  lime juice 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 Directions : 
 Fill a large bowl with  water  mixed with the juice of 1  lemon . Set aside. 
 Remove the tough outer layer of the  banana blossom  and discard it, along with the undeveloped "baby"  bananas  inside. 
 Carefully pull away the next several layers of leaves, regularly cutting into the stem to make it easier to break them off (the aim is to keep the leaves whole if possible). 
 Lay several leaves on top of one another and slice the leaves crosswise into 1/4-inch wide strips. 
 To keep the leaved from turning black, place sliced leaves in the  acidulated water , turning occasionally. 
 Continue in this fashion, releasing the leaves discarding the undeveloped  bananas  and cutting the leaves into strips, until you reach the "heart." 
 Cut this center in half lengthwise, remove as many"babies" as possible, and slice the remaining leaves widthwise about 1/4-inch thick. 
 In a medium saucepan, bring the 4 cups of  water  to a boil. 
 Add the  Chicken  breastm return to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the meat is tender. 
 Remove the  Chicken  from the pan and let cool slightly, then shred the meat with your fingers. 
 In a large salad bowl, toss all the vegetables,  mint  and  basil  together with the  Chicken . 
 Setting aside a handful for garnish, mix in the ground  peanuts . Add dressing and toss. 
 Sprinkle with the remaining  peanuts  and serve immediately. 
 ROASTED  peanuts 
 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put raw  peanuts  in a shallow pan and bake, stirring occasionally to ensure even roasting, until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Set aside to cool. When the  nuts  are cold, grind them with mortar and pestle. 
 DRESSING FOR SALAD 
 In a small saucepan, bring the  water  to a boil and add the  Sugar , stirring to dissolve. Set aside and allow to cool. 
 Pound the garlice and  shallot  into small pieces with a mortar and pestle; or grind in a food processor. 
 Stir into  Sugar   water , then add the remaining ingredients. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cambodian Recipes, Cambodian Vegetarian, Banana blossom Salad Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Mung bean Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category