Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Millet_and_Wheat_Berry_Salad

Ingredients : 
 ½ cup uncooked  wheat berries 
 1¼ tsp.  coarse salt 
 1 cup uncooked  millet 
 1 cup  walnuts , chopped (optional) 
 1 small  sweet potato , peeled and diced (about 1⅓ cups) 
 6  scallions  (white and light green parts), thinly sliced 
 4 small stalks  celery , diced 
 1 medium  cucumber , peeled, halved lengthwise, seeded and diced 
 1 medium  apple , cored and diced 
 Mustard-Dill Dressing 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 Directions : 
 In large saucepan, combine  wheat berries  and cold  water  to cover by 2 inches. 
 Cover and let stand at least 6 hours or overnight. 
 Drain  wheat berries . 
 In same saucepan, bring 4 cups fresh  water  to a boil. 
 Add  wheat berries  and ¼ teaspoon  salt  and return to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to low and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. 
 Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain well. Set aside. 
 Meanwhile, in medium saucepan, bring 2 cups  water  to a boil. 
 Add  millet  and ¼ teaspoon  salt  and return to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until tender, 25 to 30 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. 
 Place in large, shallow container, fluff with fork and spread out. 
 Let stand until cool. 
 While  grains  are cooking, if using  walnuts , preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Spread  nuts  on baking sheet and bake until toasted, about 10 minutes. Set aside. 
 In small saucepan, bring 3 cups  water  to a boil. 
 Add  sweet potato  and ¼ teaspoon  salt  and cook until  potato  is just tender, about 6 minutes. 
 Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain well. 
 In large bowl, combine  wheat berries ,  millet ,  sweet potato , toasted  walnuts , scallions,  celery ,  cucumber  and  apple . 
 Add  Mustard-Dill Dressing   and toss gently but thoroughly to blend. 
 Season with  pepper  and remaining ½ teaspoon  salt . 
 Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour. 
 Bring to room temperature before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Celery Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Millet Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Vegetarian Salad Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Wheat berry Recipes, Add category