Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Essential_Chopped_Tomato-Serrano_Salsa

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 2 cups 
 Ingredients : 
 12 ounces (2 medium-small, round or 4 – 5  plum ) ripe  tomatoes 
 fresh  Serrano chiles  to taste (roughly 3 – 5 / ½ – 1 ounce total, or even more if you like it really picante), stemmed 
 12 or so large sprigs of  cilantro 
 1 large  garlic  clove, peeled and very finely chopped (optional) 
 1 small (4-ounce)  white onion 
 1½ teaspoons fresh  lime juice 
 about ¾ teaspoon  salt 
 Directions : 
 Core the  tomatoes , then cut in half width-wise and squeeze out the seeds if you wish (it will give the sauce a less rustic appearance). 
 Finely dice the flesh by slicing it into roughly ¼-inch thick pieces, then cutting each slice into small dice. 
 Scoop into a bowl. 
 Cut the chiles in half length-wise (wear rubber gloves if your hands are sensitive to the piquancy of the chiles) and scrape out the seeds if you wish (not only will this make the salsa seem less rustic, but it will make it a little less picante). 
 Chop the chiles as finely as you can, then add them to the  tomatoes . 
 Carefully bunch up the  cilantro  sprigs, and, with a sharp knife, slice them  1 / 16 -inch thick, stems and all, working your way down from the leafy end until you run out of leaves. 
 Scoop the chopped  cilantro  into the  tomato  mixture along with the optional  garlic . 
 Next, finely dice the  onion  with a knife (a food processor will turn it into a sour mess), scoop it into a small strainer, then rinse it under cold  water . 
 Shake to remove the excess  water  and add to the  tomato  mixture. 
 Taste and season with  lime juice  and  salt , and let stand if you have a little time, for the flavors to meld before using or scooping into a salsa dish and serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Salsa Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Add category