Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sushi_Pizza

Ingredients : 
 3 cups water 
 2 cups uncooked sushi rice, rinsed 
 1 Tbsp. rice vinegar 
 1 1/2 tsp. kosher salt 
 1 tsp. granulated sugar 
 2 Tbsp. mayonnaise 
 2 tsp. wasabi paste 
 3 Tbsp. peanut oil or vegetable oil, divided 
 4 oz. thinly sliced smoked salmon 
 1/2 English cucumber, thinly sliced on an angle 
 6 oz. fresh sushi grade tuna, thinly sliced 
 1 ripe avocado, thinly sliced 
 1 jalapeño chile, thinly sliced 
 2 Tbsp. pickled sliced ginger 
 1/4 cup soy glaze sauce or stir-fry sauce 
 2 Tbsp. ponzu sauce 
 1 tsp. black sesame seeds 
 How to Make It : 
 Step 1
 Combine water, rice, vinegar, salt, and sugar in a medium saucepan, and let stand 10 minutes. Turn heat on medium-high, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium; cover and cook until rice is tender, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer rice to a baking sheet, and allow to cool, about 10 minutes. 
 Step 2
 Combine mayonnaise and wasabi in a small bowl, set aside. 
 Step 3
 Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Add rice to skillet; using wet hands, press rice, forming a large rice patty. Let rice cook, undisturbed, until lightly golden on bottom, about 5 minutes. Brush top of rice cake with remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Carefully place the back of a small pizza pan over skillet, and flip skillet to invert the rice cake. Slide rice cake back into hot skillet over medium-high, and cook other side until lightly golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove from skillet, and let cool, about 10 minutes. (Rice patty can be chilled in freezer 5 minutes to speed up the process.)
 Step 4
 Spread wasabi mayonnaise in a thin layer over rice patty leaving a 1-inch border. Arrange smoked salmon in a ring around outer edge of mayonnaise layer. Arrange cucumber slices in a ring overlapping salmon. Arrange tuna slices overlapping cucumber. Arrange avocado slices in center of pizza. Sprinkle jalapeño slices evenly over pizza, and spoon ginger slices in center of avocado slices.
 Step 5
 Combine soy glaze and ponzu sauce in a small bowl. Drizzle soy mixture over pizza. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Sushi Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Water Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Wasabi Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Vegetable Oil Recipes, Salmon Recipes, Smoked salmon Recipes, English cucumber Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Tuna Recipes, Avocado Recipes, Chili Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Sauce Recipes, Glaze Recipes, Stir-fried Recipes, Ponzu sauce Recipes, Black sesame seed Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Add category