Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cornish_Game_Hens_Bourguignonne

Descripton : 
 This one is a wonderful alternative to  turkey  or a larger meal can be prepared ahead.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  bird  per person plus one extra for the plate 
 ¼ lb lean  bacon , diced 
 2 small  pearl onions  per person 
 ½ lb  mushrooms , sliced 
 chicken stock 
 red wine 
 1 medium  onion , sliced 
 1 medium  carrot , sliced 
 1 large stalk  celery , sliced 
 1 tbsp  butter 
 2 cloves cloves  garlic , chopped 
 salt  and  pepper 
 Bouquet garni : 
 1 sprig  thyme 
 2 sprigs  parsley  (tie together) 
 1  bay leaf 
 ⅓ cup  cognac  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Wash, dry,  salt  and  pepper  hens and truss. 
 Heat a large heavy pan (e.g. Dutch oven bottom), add diced  bacon , cook until crisp. 
 Remove  bacon , add  garlic  and hens - brown thoroughly. 
 Remove  garlic  and hens (keep hens warm). 
 Add sliced vegetables and garni bouquet. 
 Place hens on top of vegetables. Half cover with stock and then wine to almost cover. 
 Bring to a boil and place in the oven. 
 Bake at 350°F for an hour. 
 While the casserole is in the oven, peel white  onions  and blanch in hot  water  (or can use canned ones). 
 Sauté  mushrooms . 
 When birds are tender, remove from pan and, if desired, flame with  cognac . 
 Strain juices into saucepan. 
 Purée vegetables and add to juices. 
 Over high heat, reduce to ½ the original volume. 
 Thicken sauce with a mixture of  flour  and  butter  if needed. 
 Check and correct seasoning. 
 Add  mushrooms  and  onions . 
 Pour sauce over birds, cover and heat at least 15 minutes or serve birds and sauce separately. You can stop and here and keep all overnight in the refrigerator. 
 The next day, paint inside and outside of the birds with the sauce. 
 Bake at 350°F for 45 – 60 minutes. 
 There will be no need to thicken sauce. 
 Add  mushrooms  and  onions  15 minutes prior to the end of cooking. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Christmas Main Dishes, Christmas Poultry, Cognac Recipes, Cornish hen Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Add category