Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crunchy_Stack_of_Girolles_and_Roasted_Leeks

Ingredients : 
 4  roma tomatoes , quartered 
 ¾ cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 2 stems fresh  thyme 
 8 tbsp  unsalted butter 
 ½ lb girolles ( chanterelles ) mushrooms 
 vegetable oil  for deep frying 
 1 large  potato , peeled and cut into long, thin strips 
 2  leeks , well rinsed 
 1 pinch  cayenne 
 vegetable oil  for frying 
 3 sheets  filo dough 
 2  shallots , minced 
 2½ tbsp  white wine 
 ¼ cup  hazelnut oil 
 assorted chopped fresh herbs, such as  parsley ,  marjoram  or  basil 
 ¼ pound  swiss chard  leaves 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 175 °F. 
 Place  tomatoes  in baking dish with  olive oil  and  thyme . 
 Bake for 1 hour. 
 Meanwhile, heat 1½ tablespoons  butter  in large skillet over medium heat. 
 When hot, sauté  mushrooms ; when soft, remove from heat and set aside, reserving juices. 
 Place about 3 inches  vegetable oil  in heavy stockpot, and heat over medium-high heat to 325f. 
 Carefully place  potato  strips in hot  oil , and fry until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. 
 Cut  leeks  into 1-inch lengths. 
 When  tomatoes  are cooked, increase oven temperature to 350 °F. 
 Place  leeks  in baking dish, and roast with 1½ tablespoons  butter  and  cayenne  until softened, about 20 minutes. 
 Melt about 1 tablespoon  butter , and brush on each sheet of  filo dough . 
 Cut dough into 4-inch circles. 
 Bake in oven with  leeks  for about 5 minutes. 
 Remove from oven, and set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  butter  in skillet over low heat, and cook shallots,  white wine  and  mushroom  juices until shallots are softened, about 7 minutes. 
 Remove from heat, and place in blender with  hazelnut oil . 
 Process to mix well. 
 Heat remaining  butter  over medium heat, and sauté  mushrooms  again with fresh herbs and  swiss chard  until heated through. 
 To serve, place  leeks  on center of plate. 
 Top with  filo ,  mushrooms  and  potato  strips. 
 Spoon baked  tomato  mixture around  leeks , and top with  shallot  sauce. 
 Serve while hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Marjoram Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Potato Recipes, Swiss chard Recipes, White wine Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Chanterelle Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Leek Recipes, Add category