Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Pineapple_and_Pumpkin_Salad


 
 Ingredients : 
 Pineapple : 
 1 ripe  pineapple  (about 4 pounds), peeled, cored and cut into slabs  or  1-inch rounds 
 ¼ cup  fragrant brown loaf sugar  ( piloncillo )  syrup 
 Pumpkin : 
 2 pounds Caribbean  pumpkin  ( calabaza ), peeled, seeded, and cut into 1-inch cubes 
 2  bay leaves 
 1 stick true  Ceylon cinnamon  (sold as Mexican  cinnamon  or  canela  in Hispanic markets) 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 10  allspice  berries 
 Piloncillo vinaigrette : 
 4  garlic  cloves, mashed to a paste with mortar and pestle 
 ¼ cup  cider vinegar   or  Salvadorian  pineapple vinegar 
 ¼ cup extra-virgin  olive oil 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly ground  allspice 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 2 tablespoons  fragrant brown loaf sugar  ( piloncillo   syrup ) 
 Garnish : 
 2 ounces hulled green  pumpkin seeds , roasted 
 1 tablespoon  cacao  nibs 
 For a Touch of Heat (Optional) Kekchi Maya Cacao and  chile  powdered condiment 
 Directions : 
 Grilling the pineapple : 
 Make the  syrup . Prepare the grill. 
 When the embers start getting ashy place the  pineapple  on the grill and cook for 10 minutes on each side. 
 Brush with the syrup and cook for 5 more minutes. 
 Remove from the grill, cut into 1-inch cubes, discarding the tough core, and set aside. 
 Broiling the pineapple : 
 To broil, place the  pineapple  on a baking sheet and brush with the syrup. 
 Broil for 8 minutes at medium heat. Turn over and brush again with the syrup; 
 Broil for 8 more minutes at medium heat. 
 Cut into 1-inch cubes, discarding the tough core, and set aside. 
 Pumpkin : 
 Place the  calabaza  in a 4-quart pot with 8 cups  water ,  bay leaf ,  cinnamon ,  salt , and  allspice  berries. 
 Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until fork tender, about 15 minutes. 
 Drain and set aside. 
 Piloncillo vinaigrette : 
 Place the  garlic ,  vinegar ,  olive oil ,  allspice ,  salt , and  Piloncillo Syrup  in a small bowl. Whisk to combine. 
 Assembling the salad : 
 Place the cooked  pumpkin  and  pineapple  in a large bow and toss with the  piloncillo vinaigrette  and the roasted  pumpkin seeds . 
 Mound on a serving platter and sprinkle with the cacao nibs. 
 For a flavorful touch of heat, finish at the table with a sprinkling of the Guatemalan Kekchi Maya Cacao and  chile  condiment. 
 
 
 
Categories: Calabaza Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Piloncillo Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Raspberry vinegar Recipes, Pumpkin seed Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Salvadorian Salads, Add category