Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/30-minute_Shepherd%27s_Pie

Description : 
 Contributed by Delma at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds  potatoes , such as  russet , peeled and cubed 
 2 tablespoons  sour cream  or softened  cream cheese 
 1 large  egg yolk 
 ½ cup  cream , for a lighter version substitute  vegetable  or  chicken broth 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 tablespoon extra-virgin  olive oil , 1 turn of the pan 
 1¾ pounds  ground beef  or  ground lamb 
 1  carrot , peeled and chopped 
 1  onion , chopped 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 2 tablespoons  all-purpose flour 
 1 cup  beef stock  or  broth 
 2 teaspoons  Worcestershire , eyeball it 
 ½ cup frozen  peas , a couple of handfuls 
 1 teaspoon  sweet paprika 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  parsley  leaves 
 directions : 
 Boil potatoes in salted water until tender, about 12 minutes. 
 Drain potatoes and pour them into a bowl. 
 Combine sour cream, egg yolk and cream. 
 Add the cream mixture into potatoes and mash until potatoes are almost smooth. 
 While potatoes boil, preheat a large skillet over medium high heat. 
 Add oil to hot pan with beef or lamb. 
 Season meat with salt and pepper. 
 Brown and crumble meat for 3 or 4 minutes. 
 If you are using lamb and the pan is fatty, spoon away some of the drippings. 
 Add chopped carrot and onion to the meat. 
 Cook veggies with meat 5 minutes, stirring frequently. 
 In a second small skillet over medium heat cook butter and flour together 2 minutes. 
 Whisk in broth and Worcestershire sauce. 
 Thicken gravy 1 minute. 
 Add gravy to meat and vegetables. 
 Stir in peas. 
 Preheat broiler to high. 
 Fill a small rectangular casserole with meat and vegetable mixture. 
 Spoon potatoes over meat evenly. 
 Top potatoes with paprika and broil 6 to 8 inches from the heat until potatoes are evenly browned. 
 Top casserole dish with chopped parsley and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Casserole Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Onion Recipes, Pea Recipes, Add category