Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Steamed_Hoisin_Seitan_Buns

Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 ⅓ cup warm  water 
 2¼ tsp (1 pkg)  dry active yeast 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 2½ cups unbleached  all purpose flour 
 2½ cups  cake flour 
 4 tbsp  sugar 
 2 tbsp  margarine , melted 
 ½ cup  soy milk 
 ¾ cup  water 
 16 squares of parchment paper 
 Filling : 
 8 oz prepared  seitan , any style, drained and coarsely chopped (you may use medium- firm tofu  in this recipe instead of  seitan ) 
 1 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 ½ tsp  sesame oil 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 1 tsp  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp  hoisin sauce 
 2 tbsp  water 
 1 tsp  tapioca starch   or   corn starch 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 In a 1 cup (250 ml) measuring cup, blend the  water ,  yeast  and  sugar  and let stand in a warm place until it foams up to the 1 cup mark, about 20 minutes. 
 In a large mixing bowl combine the flours,  sugar , and  salt  until well mixed. 
 Add the melted  margarine ,  yeast  mixture,  soy milk  and  water  and knead until it becomes a soft, pliable dough. 
 Place this in an oiled bowl and cover with a damp cloth. 
 Let rise for 3 hours in a warm spot that is free of drafts. 
 Filling : 
 Heat a large skillet or wok, and add the  oil . 
 Toss in the chopped  seitan  and cook for a minute or two. 
 Add all the remaining ingredients except the last measurement of  water  and starch. 
 Bring the  seitan  and sauce to a boil. 
 In a small dish blend the last amount of  water  with the starch until it has no lumps. 
 Add this to the  seitan  and sauce mixture and cook for one or two minutes until it has thickened. 
 Remove from heat and allow to cool. 
 Assemble the buns : 
 After the dough has risen, remove it from the bowl and knead it three or four times. 
 Break it up into 8 equally sized pieces. 
 Working quickly, flatten each piece of dough out until it is about a handspan in diameter. 
 Scoop a generous, heaping tbsp of the prepared filling into the center, then bring the edges of the dough circle up over it, and pinch it all tightly closed. 
 Place the bun on one square of parchment and arrange on a cookie sheet or other large platter. 
 Repeat these steps until all 8 buns are filled. 
 Cover the buns with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm spot for about 20 minutes, then steam in a vegetable steamer or bamboo steamer for 25 minutes. 
 At this point the buns can be eaten, or cooled and stored in an airtight container in the fridge for freezer for later re-steaming (just until hot) and consumption. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cake flour Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Lactose-free Recipes, Seitan Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Tapioca starch Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category