Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Karelian

Description : 
 Rye-crusted pastries with egg butter
 
 60 minutes preparation 
 4 servings, 
       Karelian     
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 2 cups  water 
 1 cup uncooked  rice 
 2 cups  milk 
 salt 
 Crust : 
 ½ cup  water 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup  rye flour 
 ¼ cup  all-purpose flour 
 Baste : 
 ½ cup  butter  melted 
 Egg butter : 
 ½ cup  butter  at room temperature 
 2  hard-boiled eggs , chopped 
 pinch freshly ground  white pepper  (optional) 
 pinch ground  ginger  (optional) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Filling : 
 In a saucepan combine the  water  and  rice . Bring to a boil. 
 Stir, cover, and cook over low heat for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Add the  milk , cover, and continue cooking until the  milk  is completely absorbed and the  rice  is soft and creamy. 
 Season with  salt . 
 Preheat oven to 500°F. 
 Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. 
 Crust : 
 In a medium-sized bowl, combine the  water ,  salt , and  rye  and white flours to make a stiff dough. 
 Shape the dough into a log and cut into 16 parts. Shape each part into a round. 
 On a lightly floured board, roll out each round into a 6-inch circle. 
 Spread about 3 tablespoons of filling evenly on each round. 
 Fold two opposite edges of the pastry over the filling and crimp the edges of the dough toward the center to make an oval-shaped pastry, allowing about ½-inch of the crust to overlay the filling and leaving the center of the filling exposed. 
 Place on the prepared baking sheet. 
 In a small bowl, stir together the melted  butter  and hot  milk  and brush on the pastries. 
 Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, brushing once during baking, until the pastries are golden on the edges. 
 Remove from the oven and brush again. 
 Egg butter : 
 In a small bowl,  cream  the  butter . 
 Stir in the  eggs . 
 Season with the  white pepper  and  ground ginger , if desired. 
 Serve the  egg   butter  at room temperature. 
 Cool the pastries and serve with the egg butter. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b5/Finn.gif/revision/latest?cb=20080516004857']
Categories: Finnish Vegetarian, Finnish Snacks, Pastry Recipes, Rice Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Add category