Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/African_Chicken_Pie

Description : 
 The delicate  puff pastry  used as the topping on this pie shows the influence of the Dutch on this recipe. This type of pastry was used daily in the average Dutch household. This recipe was used in South Africa.
 
 Ingredients : 
 5 lb stewing or roasting  hen 
 1 large  onion  (peeled, quartered) 
 6 whole  allspice 
 4 whole  cloves 
 ¼ tsp  mace 
 1 tsp  salt 
 6  peppercorns 
 ½ lb  ham  (cubed) 
 3 cups  water 
 ½ cup  white wine 
 ¼ cup  cream of wheat 
 2  egg yolks 
 2 tbsp  lemon juice 
 2  hard-boiled eggs  (sliced) 
 1 recipe  puff pastry  (see below) 
 1  egg  - beat with 1 tbsp  water  and use as coating for pastry 
 Directions : 
 In a large pot or Dutch oven, place  chicken ,  onion ,  allspice , cloves,  mace ,  salt  and peppercorns. 
 Add 3 cups of  water  and bring all to a boil. 
 Lower the heat, cover and simmer until tender - one to two hours. 
 Then place  chicken  on a platter to cool. 
 Strain out spices and save 3 cups  chicken stock . 
 When  chicken  is cool, debone  chicken  and cut into 1-inch pieces and throw the skin away. 
 Next, make sauce as follows: add wine to  chicken stock , bring to a boil and slowly add  cream of wheat . 
 Reduce heat to low, stir constantly until thickens. 
 In a small bowl, mix together  egg yolks  and  lemon juice . 
 Stir 3 to 4 tbsp of sauce into yolks and then add yolk mixture to sauce. 
 Bring to a boil for one minute. 
 Then remove from heat. 
 Place ½ deboned  chicken  in a baking dish, scatter chopped  ham  on top, then place a row of  egg  slices. 
 Redo above and then pour sauce over the two layers. 
 Make top  puff pastry  as follows: cut ¼ lb  sweet butter  into two cups of  flour  until it is the consistency of pie dough. 
 Add 4 to 6 tbsp  water  and knead into a ball. 
 flour  a board and roll out with a floured rolling pin as you would pie dough. 
 Place on top of baking dish and pinch edges. 
 Brush top with  water  and  egg  mixture. 
 Bake at 400 °F for 15 minutes, reduce heat to 350 °F and bake for 45 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Savory pie Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Ham Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Puff pastry Recipes, Recipes that need photos, South African Meat Dishes, Farina Recipes, Onion Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Add category