Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Enjoying_Japanese_green_tea

      Japanese green tea     
 Many people enjoy a cup of green tea. They find it relaxing and tasteful. It has many health benefits and is a good substitute for coffee after a meal as it has less caffeine. Producing the perfect cup of green tea is a tricky process. If not handled properly, those same polyphenols that provide health benefits can ruin the flavor, making the tea taste "gassy." It's particularly important not to overbrew.
 
 Steps : 
 Put 3 grams (approximately one teaspoon) of loose Green Tea into a ceramic cup or inside the ceramic filter of the cup if there is one. 
 Pour freshly boiling water into your ceramic cup. 
 Put a cover on top of the cup, and let it sit for 3 minutes. 
 Allow the tea to cool for three more minutes. 
 Open the cover of the cup, smell the tea first to enjoy its pleasant aroma. Then take a look at the bright green color of the tea and you will find the leaves gently unfolding in your cup. 
 Relax and slowly sip your first taste of the tea. Let it roll down your tongue and savor the subtle scent of the sweet grass. Slowly, you will enjoy every sip of your Green Tea. 
 Wait until one third of the tea is all that is left in the cup, then can add more hot water. You can repeat the above procedure with the same loose Green Tea leaves up to three times or more. 
 Tips : 
 Appreciation of Green Tea is not limited to the taste of drinking. You can use your other senses as well. 
 Many who dislike the taste of green tea have often tried only bagged teas such as Lipton. Try to find higher quality green teas, which are becoming increasingly available. 
 An added benefit is many of these teas can be purchased with mint, jasmine, and other interesting flavors. 
 Additionally, green tea is traditionally brewed much weaker than most tea drinkers brew theirs. 
 Another thing to try is Green Tea Ice Cream. Some people enjoy a small bite of Green Tea Ice Cream followed by a sip of luke warm Green Tea. The flavors contrast nicely. 
 For a more interesting flavor, try Tazo brand tea, which merges multiple tea leaves together to give a different taste. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f1/Greentea.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20080516004112']
Categories: Japanese tea, Articles, Add category