Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mexican_Green_Chili


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 4 dried Poblano Chiles or 2 fresh Poblano Chiles 
 1 Tbsp.  olive oil 
 1 large  Onion , 1/4" dice 
 2 Jalapeno Chiles, roasted, skinned and seeded, then mince 
 1 Tbsp. bottle, minced  garlic 
 1/2 cup chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 tsp.  cumin , or more to taste 
 3/4 tsp.  salt 
 2 lbs. Tomatillos, husked, rinsed and cut into quarters, cut into 8ths. if large 
 2 14-1/2 oz. cans  chicken broth 
 2 15 to 19 oz. cans  cannellini beans , rinsed and drained, if you can't find Cannellini, use  navy beans 
 1 lb.  Chicken  meat, boneless and skinless, Breasts and thighs work the best, cooked 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Preheat broiler. Line a broiler pan with foil. 
 Cut green  poblano peppers  in half, discard stems and seeds.Lay  pepper  halves on foil cut side down. 
 With hand press  peppers  flat.Lay jalapenos along side. 
 Broil  peppers  until charred all over, about 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Wrap foil around  peppers  and allow to steam until cool to handle. 
 Remove skin and seeds from jalapenos and the skin from  poblano peppers . 
 Cut into 1" pieces. In a 6 quart Dutch oven, heat  oil  over medium heat until hot. 
 Add  Onion ,  garlic ,  parsley ,  cumin  and  salt . Cook 5 minutes, stir in tomatillos, broth and roasted  peppers . 
 Heat to boiling on high heat.cover and simmer 20 minutes or until tomatillos are tender. 
 Stir in beans and  Chicken  and cook until bubbly, stirring often. 
 If you are using the dried  poblano peppers , break open, shake out seeds and remove stem. 
 Put in blender with 1/2 cup  water . Puree until smooth. 
 Add to recipe when you add  chicken broth . It will turn the dish a reddish color, but will still taste good. 
 Makes 8 1/2 cups stew .Serve in bowl like soup or over hot fluffy  rice . 
 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Cannellini bean Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Navy bean Recipes, Poblano pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, World Recipes, Add category