Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Riz_au_Djon_Djon

Description : 
 Also known as Diri ak Djon Djon ("du riz avec djon djon")
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup dried Haitian  djon djon mushrooms  without stems or dried  black European mushrooms 
 1 tbsp finely chopped  scallions , including one inch of the green tops 
 ¼ cup finely chopped  green pepper 
 ¼ cup finely chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 1 tsp finely chopped  garlic 
 1 oz  salt pork , cut into ¼ inch diced cubes 
 1 cup uncooked  long-grain white rice 
 2 cups boiling  water 
 ¼ tsp dried  thyme , crumbed 
 1 tsp  salt 
 pinch of ground  cloves 
 Directions : 
 Place  mushrooms  in a small enameled, stainless steel or glass saucepan and pour in 2 cups of boiling  water . 
 Let the  mushrooms  soak for 30 minutes, then bring them to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce the heat to low and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes. 
 Drain the  mushrooms , reserving the liquid. 
 In a heavy 3 to 4 quart saucepan, heat the  oil  over moderate heat until a light haze forms above it. 
 Fry the  pork  in the  oil , turning until crisp and brown. 
 With a slotted spoon, transfer the  pork  to paper towels to drain. 
 Add  green pepper ,  parsley , scallions and  garlic  to the fat remaining in the pan and stir for about 2 minutes, until the vegetables are soft but not brown. 
 Add the  rice  and stir constantly for 2 or 3 minutes, until the  grains  turn somewhat milky and opaque. 
 Do not let them brown. 
 Combine the reserved  mushroom  cooking liquid with enough boiling  water  to make 2 cups and pour the mixture over the  rice . 
 Stir in  mushrooms ,  pork ,  thyme , cloves and  salt , and bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce the heat to low, cover tightly, and simmer for about 20 minutes or until the  rice  has absorbed all the liquid in the pan and becomes a rich walnut brown color. 
 Taste for seasonings, fluff the  rice  with a fork, serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Haitian Meat Dishes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Salt pork Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category