Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Creamed_Prawn_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   See also 
 3.2   Other Links 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ever thought that Prawn &  cream  might not taste so well in a soup ? Well, forget whatever you thought, when you taste this piece of kitchen-art, straight from the Belgian kitchen ! Instructions require average cooking skills. Enjoy !
 
 Ingredients : 
 50g/2oz  butter 
 1  Onion , finely chopped 
 1 Stick  celery , finely chopped 
 1  leek , finely chopped 
 3 Large  tomatoes , chopped 
 450g/1 lb Large Raw Prawns (Shrimps) in shell 
 1.1L/40fl.oz. Hot  water 
 120ml/4fl.oz. Dry  white wine 
 1  bouquet garni 
 pepper 
 210ml/7fl.oz.  cream 
 1  egg   yolk 
 60ml/2fl.oz.  brandy 
 25g/1oz  flour 
 Directions : 
 1. Melt half the  butter  in a large saucepan, add the chopped vegetables and sauté over a low heat for about 10 minutes without  browning .
2. Meanwhile, shell the prawns, reserving the shells and heads.
3. Add the prawn shells and heads to the vegetables together with the hot  water , wine,  bouquet garni  and  tomatoes . Season with  pepper  then cover and simmer gently for one hour.
4. At the end of the cooking time, strain the stock through a sieve into a large bowl, pressing the shells and vegetables with a wooden spoon to extract as much of the juice as possible. Set aside.
5. Melt the remainder of the  butter  in the rinsed out saucepan then add the  flour  and cook over a medium heat stirring to make a roux.
6. Over a medium heat, add the strained stock a little at a time, stirring well between each addition. Raise the heat, bring to the boil then reduce the heat again and simmer gently for 15 minutes.
7. Meanwhile, in a small mixing bowl, beat together the  egg   yolk  and  cream . Set aside.
8. After the simmering time, remove the pan from the heat and stir in the  egg  mixture.
9. Add the prawns and  brandy , mix well then return to a very low heat, and heat gently, stirring constantly, for 4–5 minutes until the soup thickens slightly and the prawns are cooked. Do not boil. Serve immediately.
 
 See also : 
 Other Links : 
 
 
 
Categories: Belgian Recipes, Belgian Soups, Bouquet garni Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Leek Recipes, Soup Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category