Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cambodian_Lobster_and_Orange_Salad


 
 Description : 
 A generous Cambodian restaurateur shared this recipe with me. Lobster is a luxury ideal for special occasions.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large cooked  lobster 
 2 cups finely shredded  Chinese cabbage  (wong nga bak) 
 2  seedless cucumbers , finely sliced 
 60 g / 2 oz  bean thread vermicelli 
 1 tablespoon dried  wood fungus , soaked for 10 minutes 
 2 tablespoons  peanut oil 
 2 teaspoons finely chopped  garlic 
 125 g / 4 oz  minced pork 
 1 tablespoon minced dried  shrimp  (optional) 
 5 tablespoons  fish sauce 
 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 3 tablespoons  lime juice 
 3 tablespoons desiccated  coconut 
 3 tablespoons crushed, roasted  peanuts 
 2 tablespoons shredded  mint  leaves 
 3  oranges , peeled and segmented 
 mint  sprigs for garnish 
 3 whole heads pickled  garlic , thinly sliced 
 Directions : 
 Divide lobster where head and body join. Reserve head and claws, whole, for garnishing salad. 
 Remove meat from the body and shred with fingers. Reserve shell. 
 Combine shredded lobster meat,  cabbage  and  cucumber . 
 Boil noodles for 10 minutes or until soft. Drain, then cut into short lengths. 
 Trim any gritty parts off wood fungus and divide into small pieces. Add to the lobster,  cabbage  and noodles. 
 Heat  oil  in a wok and fry the  garlic , stirring over low heat without  browning , then raise heat, add the minced  Pork  and minced dried  Shrimp  and stir-fry until well cooked and brown. 
 Add 1 tablespoon each of the fish sauce and  sugar , stir and cook until liquid evaporates, remove from wok and cool. 
 Combine remaining fish sauce and  sugar  with  lime juice , stirring to dissolve  Sugar . 
 Pour over the lobster mixture and toss well. 
 Toast the  coconut  in a dry pan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until evenly golden brown. 
 Turn out on to a plate at once to cool. 
 Make a bed of crisp salad greens on an oval platter, pile the lobster mixture in the centre and place  orange  segments around. 
 Sprinkle with the  pork  and  shrimp  mixture, toasted  coconut , crushed  peanuts  and shredded  mint . 
 Place head and tail of lobster at opposite ends of the pile of lobster meat. 
 Garnish with sprigs of  mint  and slices of pickled  garlic . 
 
 
 
Categories: Bean thread Recipes, Bok choy Recipes, Cambodian Meat Dishes, Cambodian Salads, Coconut Recipes, English cucumber Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Lobster Recipes, Orange Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category