Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chili_con_Carne_with_Toppings

I have more cookbooks... but many do not have recipes on page 17. It's usually some part of an intro to the cookbook. Here is a Page 17 recipe:
 
 Source:  Cooking in Cast Iron  by Mara Reid Rogers ( ISBN 1-55788-367-X ) 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Makes 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 2⅔ pounds lean boneless  beef , preferably round steak, cut into 1-inch cubes 
 2 pounds fresh Mexican  chorizo  or spicy Spanish smoked pork-based sausages, removed from their casings and coarsely chopped 
 3 medium  yellow onions , coarsely chopped 
 5 cloves  garlic , crushed through a garlic press 
 2 fresh  jalapeño chiles , seeded, ribs removed, and minced 
 1 (4-ounce) can chopped mild  green chiles , drained 
 3 to 4 tablespoons  chili powder , depending on strength 
 2 teaspoons ground  cumin 
 1 tablespoon dried  oregano , preferably Mexican (available from Mexican markets) 
 2 (28-ounce cans) whole  tomatoes 
 1 (12-ounce) bottle dark  ale  or  beer , preferably Mexican 
 ½ cup  tequila 
 1 cup canned  beef broth 
 3 tablespoons unsweetened  cocoa powder 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper , to taste 
 light brown sugar , to taste 
 Toppings (optional) : 
 ½ cup finely chopped fresh  cilantro 
 1 (15-ounce) can  red kidney beans , drained 
 shredded sharp  cheddar  cheese 
 thinly sliced  scallions 
 sliced, pitted  black olives 
 sour cream , to serve 
 Directions : 
 Heat the oil in a large (6- to 8-quart) cast-iron Dutch oven over medium-high heat for 1 minute. 
 Add the beef and cook, turning the beef often so it browns on all sides, 7 to 9 minutes. 
 Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a bowl and reserve. 
 Add the chorizo to the Dutch oven and cook, stirring constantly, until browned, 8 minutes. 
 Using a slotted spoon, transfer the chorizo to the bowl with the beef and reserve until ready to use. 
 Add the onion and garlic to the Dutch oven and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. 
 Add the reserved meats, jalapeño chiles, green chiles, chili powder, cumin, and oregano and mix until combined. 
 Stir in the tomatoes, ale, tequila, beef broth, cocoa powder, and cinnamon until well blended. 
 Bring to a boil. 
 Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring often, for 2 hours. 
 Season with salt, pepper, and brown sugar. 
 Serve hot, passing the toppings separately, if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ale Recipes, Beef Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Chili Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Recipes using beer, Tequila Recipes, Pages using ISBN magic links, Add category