Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetarian_Eight_Treasures

Ingredients : 
 3 pieces spicy pressed  bean curd 
 4  dried mushrooms 
 50 grams (3½ tablespoons)  carrot 
 75 grams (5¼ tablespoons)  wheat gluten 
 50 grams (3½ tablespoons)  water chestnuts  (fresh if possible) 
 75 grams (5¼ tablespoons)  string beans 
 1  red chile 
 ¼ cup  peanuts , or as desired 
 1  garlic  clove 
 1  shallot 
 1½ tablespoons hot  bean paste 
 1 teaspoon  rice wine 
 Seasoning : 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt  (or to taste) 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar 
 ½ teaspoon  hoisin sauce 
 ½ teaspoon  dark soy sauce 
 ½ teaspoon  sesame oil 
 pepper  - a few shakes 
 50 ml (just under ¼ cup)  water 
 oil  for deep-frying and stir-frying, as needed 
 Directions : 
 Soak the dried  mushrooms  until they have softened. 
 If desired, save the soaking liquid to use in place of  water  in the seasoning. 
 Wash and dice the  string beans , gluten ball and spicy pressed  bean curd . 
 Wash and dice the  carrot ,  water chestnuts  and  red chile . 
 Peel the  garlic  and  shallot  and chop finely. 
 Mix together the seasoning ingredients in a bowl. 
 Boil the  peanuts  in boiling  water  for about 2 minutes. 
 Cool. 
 Peel the skin and set aside. 
 Heat the wok and add  oil  for deep-frying. 
 When  oil  is ready, deep-fry the  peanuts  on high heat until they are golden brown. 
 Remove and set aside. 
 Repeat with the gluten ball. 
 Parboil the  carrots  and  string beans  for 1 minute. 
 Drain. 
 Heat wok and add  oil . 
 When  oil  is ready, add the  garlic ,  shallot  and hot  bean paste . 
 Add all the other ingredients except for the  peanuts . 
 Stir-fry until they are cooked, then add the rice wine and seasoning. 
 Turn off the heat, mix in the  peanuts , and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Vegetarian, Water chestnut Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Seitan Recipes, Miso Recipes, Rice wine Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category