Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mongolian_Barbecue


 
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 lb Boned  Lamb  Shoulder Chops OR 
 2 lb Boneless  Beef , (Tenderest -Cut The Butcher Has), -Defatted 
 2 lg  green peppers , Seeded And -Cut Into 1/4-Inch Strips 
 3 c  cabbage , Shredded, Rinsed, -And Dried 
 3 lg  carrots , Peeled And Shredded 
 2 lg  onions , Thinly Sliced 
 1/4 lb  bean sprouts , Rinsed And -Drained 
 Salad Or  peanut oil 
 GARNISHES
 
 Boiled  white rice 
 Crisp  sesame seed  Buns, -Warmed 
 Middle Eastern Pita Breads 
 Thinly Sliced Crisp French -Bread 
 SAUCE
 
 1 1/2 cup Dark Soy Sauce 
 6 cup  water 
 10 Crushed  black peppercorns 
 4  star anise 
 4 lg cloves  garlic , Crushed 
 1 cup Or  sherry 
 1 tb  Sugar 
 2 ts  fresh ginger  Root, Grated 
 3 cup Scallions Or  leeks , Chopped -And Divided 
 3 cup  Chinese parsley  Or  cilantro , -Minced, Divided 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Thinly slice the meats across the  grain , in 2 to 3-Inch strips, and arrange the meat and vegetables on separate platters.
 SAUCE:
 Simmer the soy sauce,  water , peppercorns,  anise  and  garlic  for a few minutes in a saucepan, then strain and cool. Add the wine,  Sugar ,  ginger root , 2 cups of the scallions or  leeks  and 2 cups of the  Chinese parsley . Refresh the sauce with the remaining scallions or  leeks  and  parsley  as cooking progresses. Taste to correct the seasoning, then divide among the guests bowls. (NOTE: Do Not taste the sauce after the raw meat has been dipped in it! Just a precaution.)
 TO ASSEMBLE:
 To assemble the barbecue, place the cooking appliance in the center of the table, heating and greasing the cooking surface with the salad or  peanut oil . (At intervals, scrape off the charred food bits with a spatula and reoil the cooking surface and resume cooking). Guests put the meat and vegetables on the plates and then place small portions on the cooking surface and spoon some of the sauce over the grilling food, flipping the food over with chopsticks after about 1 minute on the grill. Cook to the desired doneness for each guest.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Cereals Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Leek Recipes, Mongolian Appetizers, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Add category