Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fried_Tortilla_Chips

Description : 
 Fresh tortilla chips are special, no matter how good your store-bought chips are. They're easy, and — as you'll see — they do not absorb much oil (if you bake them — see the variation — the oil used is minimal anyway). Sprinkle them with any spice mixture or seasoned salt when they're done, or top them with grated cheese (and cooked beans, if you like) and bake until the cheese melts to make nachos.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Source: How to Cook Everything by Mark Bittman 
 Typed by: Susan alexanderjamesmom@gmail.com 
 Time: 15 to 30 minutes 
 Makes 50 large or 100 small, enough for 5 to 10 people 
 Ingredients : 
 lard  (traditional) or  vegetable oil  for deep-frying 
 12 corn  tortillas , 6 or 8 inches in diameter 
 salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Put enough oil to come to a depth of at least 1 inch in a large, deep skillet or saucepan. 
 The broader the vessel, the more of these you can cook at once, but the more oil you will use. (they cook very quickly, so don't worry if your pan is narrow) 
 Turn the heat to medium-high; you want the temperature to be at about 350°F when you start cooking. 
 Stack the tortillas and cut them, pie-like into 4 to 8 wedges. 
 Fry as many at once as you will fit without crowding, turning if necessary. 
 Total cooking time will be about 2 minutes; the chips should not brown, but just begin to darken in color. 
 Remove with a tongs or slotted spoon and drain on paper towels or paper bags. 
 Sprinkle with salt and serve hot or at room temperature. 
 Baked Tortilla Chips : 
 Preheat the oven to 400°F. 
 Lightly brush each tortilla on both sides with  peanut  or  canola  or other neutral-flavored oil. 
 Stack and cut as above. 
 Bake on ungreased baking sheets, shaking once or twice, until just beginning to color, 6 to 10 minutes. 
 Sprinkle with salt and serve hot or at room temperature. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Snack Recipes, Tortilla Recipes, Add category