Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sage,_Mountain_Gorgonzola_and_Fig_Pizza


 
 Ingredients : 
 Pizza Dough : 
 ½ cup warm  water  plus ½ cup lukewarm  water 
 2 tsp dried  yeast 
 ¼ cup  rye flour 
 1 Tbsp  milk 
 2 Tbsp  olive oil  plus extra virgin  olive oil  for drizzling 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1¾ cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 Pizza Topping : 
 1 tsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 lb  Gorgonzola  cheese, preferably  mountain Gorgonzola 
 10 ripe fresh  figs   or  10 black dried  figs , re-hydrated, torn into pieces 
 1 cup fig  preserves , optional 
 2 sprigs fresh  sage , julienned 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 1 oz small, fresh leaves from spicy greens such as  arugula   or   mizuna  tossed with 2 Tbsp  lemon juice 
 2 Tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Combine warm  water ,  yeast  and  rye flour  to make sponge. Set aside in very warm place for 20 minutes. 
 Stir in  milk ,  olive oil ,  salt ,  flour  and lukewarm  water . Place dough on lightly floured work surface, and knead by hand for 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Place dough in large mixing bowl, and set aside to double in very warm place. Punch down, and allow to rise for 40 minutes more. Place dough on lightly floured work surface, and divide into 2 balls. Place in mixing bowl, cover with oiled plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use. 
 When ready to make pizzas, preheat oven to 500 °F. 
 Remove one dough ball from refrigerator, and flatten on lightly floured work surface or cookie sheet. Using floured hands, work dough out by pulling in circle. Using knuckles, slowly stretch dough into large disc 12 inches round. Repeat with second ball of dough. 
 Place discs on preheated pizza stone or pizza pan. Drizzle each with extra virgin  olive oil . 
 Place small pieces of  Gorgonzola  on each dough circle. Add fresh  figs  and  fig  preserves, if using. Sprinkle with  sage , and season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. Bake in oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until crust is browned. Top with greens, and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Fig Recipes, Sage Recipes, Mizuna Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Gorgonzola Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Arugula Recipes, Add category