Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/California_Pizza_Kitchen-style_Chicken_Pizza

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   BBQ chicken pizza dough 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   BBQ Chicken 
 2.2   Pizza 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 10 ounces boneless skinless  chicken  breasts, cut into ¾-inch cubes 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 2 tablespoons favorite  barbecue sauce  (we use a spicy-sweet sauce) 
 BBQ chicken pizza dough : 
 cornmeal  or  semolina  or  flour , for handling 
 ½ cup favorite  barbecue sauce 
 2 tablespoons shredded  smoked gouda  cheese 
 2 cups shredded  mozzarella  cheese 
 ¼ small  red onion , sliced into ⅛-inch pieces 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  cilantro 
 Directions : 
 BBQ  Chicken : 
 In a large frying pan, cook the  chicken  in  olive oil  over medium-high heat until just cooked, 5 to 6 minutes. 
 Do not overcook. 
 Set aside in the refrigerator until chilled through. 
 Once chilled, coat the  chicken  with 2 tablespoons BBQ sauce; set aside in the refrigerator. 
 Pizza : 
 Place the pizza stone in the center of the oven and preheat to 500°F for one hour before cooking pizzas. 
 Use a large spoon to spread ¼ cup BBQ sauce evenly over the surface of the prepared dough within the rim. 
 Sprinkle 1 tablespoon  smoked gouda  cheese over the sauce. 
 Cover with ¾ cup shredded  mozzarella . 
 Distribute half the  chicken  pieces evenly over the  cheese  (approximately 18 pieces). 
 Place approximately 18 to 20 pieces of  red onion  over the surface. 
 Sprinkle an additional ¼ cup  mozzarella  over the top of the pizza. 
 Transfer the pizza to the oven; bake until the crust is crisp and golden and the  cheese  at the center is bubbly, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 When the pizza is cooked, carefully remove it from the oven; sprinkle 1 tablespoon  cilantro  over the hot surface. 
 Slice. 
 
 
 
Categories: Californian Meat Dishes, Pizza Recipes, Prepared barbecue sauce Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Smoked gouda Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red onion Recipes, Semolina Recipes, Add category