Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rose_Petal_Drop_Scones

File:Placeholder 
 Prep Time: 
 Cook time: 
 Serves: 24 
 
 Description : 
 What could be more beautiful and decorative than these delicious scones with rose petals? Recipe was adapted from the cookbook,  Flowers in the Kitchen , by Susan Belsinger, Interweave. Press, 1991
 
 Ingredients : 
 2¼ cup  all-purpose flour 
 2 teaspoons  granulated sugar 
 2 teaspoons  baking powder 
 ½ teaspoon  baking soda 
 ¾ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoons ground  cinnamon 
 ¼ cup (½ stick)  unsalted butter 
 ⅓ cup coarsely-ground  pistachio  nuts, shelled and unsalted 
 1 cup  heavy cream 
 1 tablespoon  rose water 
 2 tablespoons  rose petals , cleaned and finely shredded (organic only - no pesticides) 
 Icing : 
 1 cup  icing sugar  (confectioners' sugar) 
 3 tablespoons  rose water 
 1 tablespoon  red currant jelly 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 425°F. Lightly spray a large baking sheet with vegetable-oil cooking spray 
 In a large bowl, sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. With a pastry blender or two knives, cut butter into flour mixture until particles are the size of small peas; stir in pistachio nuts. 
 In a separate bowl, combine cream and rose water. Stir in the shredded rose petals. Add the rose mixture to the dry ingredients; stir until a soft dough forms. NOTE: When making scones, work the dough quickly and do not over mix. 
 Drop dough by the teaspoonful onto the prepared baking sheet. 
 Bake approximately 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. 
 While scones are baking, prepare Icing: 
 In a bowl, combine powdered sugar, rose water, and red current jelly until smooth. NOTE: If the icing is to thick, add another teaspoon of rose water. 
 Remove scones from oven to a baking rack to cool slightly, then drizzle the prepared Icing over the scones while still warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Scone Recipes, Rose petal Recipes, Pistachio Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Add category