Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Portuguese_Chocolate_Tarts


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by: 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 • 5 oz slab of  puff pastry 
 1  egg yolk 
 2 tbsp  caster sugar 
 1 pinch  allspice 
 2 pinch  cinnamon 
 1  orange , zested 
 160 ml  double cream 
 2 tbsp  caster sugar 
 1 pinch  salt , small 
 1/2 stick  butter , softened 
 1/2 best quality  baking chocolate , broken up 
 50 ml  milk 
 cocoa powder , for dusting 
 Directions : 
 Dust a surface with  flour  and roll out your pastry to a bit bigger than an 8 1/2-by-11-inch sheet of paper. 
 Brush with the  egg yolk  and scatter the rest of the ingredients over, being subtle with the  allspice  and  cinnamon . 
 Roll the pastry up tightly like a Swiss roll to make a long  Sausage  shape. 
 With a knife, cut across the  Sausage  into 1-inch (2 1/2-centimeter) pieces. 
 Take 8 pieces aside, and freeze the rest of the pastry for a rainy day. 
 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C/gas 6). 
 Turn all the pieces of pastry swirl-side up and flatten them slightly. 
 Dust the surface of your pastry with  flour , then roll each piece out into a thin circle (around the size of a teacup saucer). 
 Even I don't have proper pastry molds at home, so I just grease and  flour  the outsides of 8 of my glass tumblers. 
 Then, I place a circle of pastry on top of each tumbler, pleating, pinching and hugging the pastry around them. 
 Place the tumblers on a baking tray, pastry at the top, and put in the preheated oven until crisp and golden, around 15 minutes. 
 Remove from the oven and, while still hot, take a tea towel and pat the slightly raised top of the pastry back down on to the flat bottom of the tumbler ? giving you a flat base again. 
 Allow to cool, and carefully remove the pastry cases from around the tumblers. 
 Fill your pastry cases with the  chocolate  filling: Place the  double cream ,  Sugar , and pinch of  salt  in a pan and bring to the boil. 
 As soon as the mixture has boiled, remove from the heat, and add the  butter  and  chocolate . 
 Stir until it has completely melted. 
 Allow the mixture to cool slightly, stirring in the cold  milk  until smooth and shiny. 
 Sometimes this mixture looks like it has split. 
 Allow the mixture to cool down a bit more, and whisk in a little extra cold  milk  until smooth. 
 Scrape all the mixture into the cooked pastry shells. 
 Shake to even it out and allow to cool for around 1 to 2 hours, until it is at room temperature. 
 Dust with the  cocoa powder . 
 Ultimately the pastry should be short and crisp and the filling should be smooth and should cut like  butter . 
 Contributed by: : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Allspice Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Double cream Recipes, Puff pastry Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sausage Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, World Recipes, Add category