Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boysenberry_Cheesecake

      Boysenberry Cheesecake     
 Description : 
 This fresh cheesecake is made with boysenberries, cream cheese, and milk, enriched with gelatin and lemon juice, and topped with other berries to make it look divine.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Cheesecake : 
 2½ cups (250g) plain sweet biscuit crumbs 
 120 g (4¼ oz)  butter , melted 
 250 g (8¾ oz)  cream cheese 
 400 g (14 oz)  sweetened condensed milk 
 2 teaspoons  gelatin 
 ⅓ cup  lemon juice 
 1 tablespoon  water 
 ½ cup thickened  cream 
 Boysenberry Filling : 
 425 g can (14¾ oz)  boysenberries  in syrup - other  berries  can be substituted for  boysenberries 
 3 teaspoons  gelatin 
 ¼ cup  water 
 Topping : 
 whipped  cream 
 extra  berries 
 Directions : 
 Combine biscuit crumbs and butter in bowl, press over base and side of 20cm (8") spring-form, refrigerate while preparing filling. 
 Beat cream cheese until creamy, and then gradually beat in condensed milk. 
 Combine lemon juice and water in a small bowl; sprinkle with gelatin. 
 Stand bowl in pan of simmering water, and stir until gelatin is dissolved. 
 Cool slightly. 
 Quickly stir gelatin mixture into cream cheese mixture and then stir in the cream. 
 Mix well. 
 Blend boysenberries and syrup, and push through a sieve to remove seeds. 
 Sprinkle gelatin over water in a cup. 
 Stand the cup in pan of simmering water and stir until dissolved. 
 Quickly stir gelatin mixture into boysenberry mixture. 
 Mix well. 
 Pour half of cheese filling into biscuit base, refrigerate for 1 hour. 
 Pour half or berry filling over cheese filling, refrigerate for 1 hour. 
 Spread remaining cheese filling over berry filling, refrigerate for 1 hour. 
 Top with remaining berry filling, refrigerate for several hours, or until firm. 
 Decorate with whipped cream and berries, if desired. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/df/Boysenberry-retail.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004603']
Categories: Australian Desserts, Cheesecake Recipes, Berry Recipes, Boysenberry Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Sweetened condensed milk Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Crumb Recipes, No-bake dessert Recipes, Add category