Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Circassian-style_Chicken

Description : 
 Serves 16 persons. 
 Ingredients : 
 6 pounds  chicken  quarters 
 2 tsp  olive oil 
 2 small  onions , sliced 
 1 tbsp  garlic , peeled and chopped with  salt 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 pinch of  saffron 
 ⅓ cup  all-purpose flour 
 1 tsp Near East or  aleppo pepper , or more to taste 
 pinch of ground  allspice 
 2¼ cups (8 ounces) shelled  walnuts 
 1 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 Red-tinted oil : 
 1 tbsp  walnut oil 
 ¼ tsp Near East or  aleppo pepper 
 Directions : 
 Chicken and sauce : 
 Wash the  chicken  and pat dry. 
 Trim off excess skin and fat. 
 Heat the  oil  in a 5-quart casserole. 
 Add the  chicken  and 2 teaspoons of the chopped  garlic ; sprinkle with  salt ,  black pepper , and  saffron . 
 Cover with 1 quart  water ; simmer until  chicken  is tender (slow, gentle coking helps to keep the  chicken  intact). 
 Meanwhile, toast the  flour  in a 9- or 10-inch heavy nonstick skillet, turning it constantly until it becomes a lovely light beige. 
 Add the near east  pepper  and  allspice , and continue stirring over low heat 30 seconds longer. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Skin, bone, and cut the  chicken  quarters into smaller serving pieces. 
 Lightly season with additional  salt  and  black pepper  if desired. 
 Strain the  chicken broth  and degrease. 
 You should have 3½ cups. 
 Mix the remaining  garlic  with 1 cup of the broth and pour over the  chicken  to keep it moist. 
 In a food processor, grind the  walnuts  and seasoned  flour  to a smooth paste. 
 Slowly add 1 cup of the  chicken broth  and process until smooth. 
 Then slowly add the remaining broth to make a creamy sauce. 
 Scrape the sauce into the skillet, set over medium-low heat, and bring to a boil. 
 Cook, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes. 
 Drain the  chicken  pieces and place in one layer in a 9-by-13-by-2-inch ovenproof serving dish. 
 Add 1 cup of the  walnut  sauce and the  lemon juice ; mix well. 
 Thin the remaining sauce with  water  to a napping consistency and correct the seasoning with  salt . 
 Pour the sauce over the  chicken . 
 Let the mixture cool completely, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 days before serving. 
 Red-tinted oil : 
 Gently reheat the cooked  chicken  in a 350°F oven until warm. 
 Heat the  walnut oil  in a very small saucepan, add the near east  pepper , and swirl to combine; heat just to a sizzle. 
 Remove from the heat and allow the  pepper  to settle. 
 Dribble the red-tinted  oil  over the surface of the dish, making decorative swirls. 
 
 
 
Categories: Aleppo pepper Recipes, Arabian Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Walnut oil Recipes, Onion Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category