Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mushroom_and_Sunchoke_Saut%C3%A9

      Mushroom and Sunchoke Sauté     
 Description : 
 A red-hot combination of mushrooms and sunchokes is made and packed with real herbs and vegetables and is a new vegetarian main dish that the whole family relishes and enjoys.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lb. assorted mushrooms,  shiitake , matsutake, or enokitake 
 ½ lb.  sunchokes 
 2 tbsp.  olive oil 
 2 tbsp.  butter  or  margarine 
 1 cup thinly-sliced  shallots 
 2  garlic  cloves minced or pressed 
 1 tbsp. chopped fresh  rosemary  leaves 
 2 tsp. chopped fresh  oregano  leaves 
 ¼ cup dry  sherry 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Trim off any soil caked onto  mushrooms . 
 Trim and discard discolored stem ends and tough stems of shiitakes. 
 Quickly immerse the  mushrooms  in  water , swishing them around to release soil and insects, then lift from  water  and drain. 
 Cut large  mushrooms  into about 1-inch pieces; leave the small  mushrooms  whole. 
 Peel and coarsely chop the sunchokes. 
 In a 5- to 6-quart pan over high heat, combine  oil ,  butter ,  mushrooms , sunchokes, shallots, and  garlic . 
 Stir often until  mushroom  juices evaporate and the vegetables are browned, about 15 minutes. 
 Add  rosemary ,  oregano , and  sherry ; stir until  sherry  evaporates, about 2 minutes. Serve warm and plain or with other main dishes but spoon the cooked mushrooms and sunchokes in a large plate. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/c3/912050453.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004217']
Categories: American Vegetarian, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Jerusalem artichoke Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Vegan Side Dish Recipes, Vegetarian Side Dish Recipes, Side Dish Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Herb Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Vegetarian Main Dish Recipes, Vegan Main Dish Recipes, World Recipes, Healthy Main Dishes, Healthy Side Dishes, American Recipes, North American Vegetarian, North American Recipes, Alcohol Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Spice Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Add category