Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chili_non_Carne

Ingredients : 
 
 ½ cup dry  kidney beans  (or other bean if preferred) 
 ¼ cup  bulgur 
 1 small  red  and 1  small white onion , cubed 
 1½ tbsp minced  garlic  (or more, if you like) 
 ½ cup  celery , cubed or sliced 
 ½ cup  carrots , cubed or sliced 
 1 tbsp  chili powder  (start with a ½ tsp if you aren't a spicy food freak, and add a little at a time until it's just right for you) 
 1 tbsp  cumin  (½ tbsp to start) 
 ½ tsp  cayenne pepper 
 1 tbsp each of fresh  basil  and  oregano , chopped fine 
 1  yellow squash , cubed ( spaghetti squash  works best) 
 1  zucchini , cubed 
 1  green  and 1  red bell pepper , cubed 
 1 cup sliced  mushrooms 
 ½ cup cubed  tomatoes 
 ½ cup  tomato paste 
 Directions : 
 Soak beans overnight. 
 Drain, rinse, and cook in 3 cups fresh  water  over medium heat until tender (about 45 minutes). 
 Drain and reserve cooking liquid. 
 Bring ½ cup  water  to a boil and pour over the  bulgur  in a bowl. 
 Let stand 30 minutes to soften the grain ( water  will be absorbed). 
 Place 2 cups  water  in a soup pot and add the  onions ,  carrot ,  celery   squash  and spices. 
 Cook over low heat until the  carrots  are almost tender, then add the  zucchini ,  peppers ,  mushrooms  and cook for 5 minutes. 
 Stir in the  kidney beans ,  tomatoes  and the reserved cooking liquid from the beans. 
 Cook for about 30 minutes more or until the veggies are tender. 
 Add the  Bulgar  to the pot at this point. 
 Mix the  tomato  paste with  water  until smooth, then stir into the vegetable mixture. 
 Season to taste. 
 Add more  water  if necessary until the desired consistency is reached. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/1/1f/Chiliconcarne.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20140610225411']
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Chili Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Summer squash Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Kidney bean Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Bulgur Recipes, Spaghetti squash Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Add category