Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Savory_Meat_Strudel


 
 Description : 
 I have a friend in Duxbury, MA, who used to describe herself as the "hamburger queen." This recipe was concocted for her to show her that ground meat can not only be truly tasty, but also elegant, exotic and fit for company... This recipe is Bohemian in origin. You may substitute commercial  puff pastry , if desired, although it will change the texture and make the results much heavier. Fussing with the  phyllo  is worth the time and effort.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb  ground round , best quality lean 
 1 lb ground  pork , leanest you can find (grinding your own is the very best idea here) 
 3 - 4  yellow onions , chopped 
 1  jalapeno pepper , seeded and diced fine 
 1 red pepper, seeded and diced fine 
 2 tablespoons  clarified butter 
 1 sprig fresh  thyme 
 2 - 3 leaves fresh  savory 
 1 sprig fresh  rosemary 
 1 - 2 tablespoon plain  breadcrumbs 
 ¼ cup  white wine  (substitute chick broth if no wine at hand) 
 8 ounces  sour cream 
 1  egg , beaten 
 salt ,  pepper 
 1 teaspoon  paprika , Hungarian 
 3 tablespoons fresh  curly-leaf parsley , finely chopped 
 1 lb frozen  phyllo dough , thawed 
 butter , melted,as needed 
 Directions : 
 Sauté chopped  onion  and  peppers  in  clarified butter  until translucent. 
 Add ground meat and bread crumbs and brown well. 
 Deglaze by adding wine (or  chicken broth ). 
 Stir and allow alcohol to dissipate. 
 Transfer meat mixture to large bowl and allow to cool slightly. 
 Season with fresh herbs,  salt ,  pepper  and  paprika ; add  sour cream  and beaten  egg , mixing thoroughly. 
 Allow mixture to cool completely in refrigerator, about 15–30 minutes. 
 Unwrap  phyllo dough  and lay flat on a damp towel, covering with a second damp towel. [1] 
 Transfer  phyllo , one sheet at a time to a third damp towel, brushing each sheet with melted  butter . 
 Do not  butter  the last sheet of  phyllo  after transferring it to the stack. 
 Remove meat mixture from refrigerator and spoon onto lower ⅔ of the  phyllo dough  rectangle, leaving room at the edges all the way round. 
 Fold short ends of the rectangle in over meat mixture. 
 Brush long end of  phyllo  with beaten  egg  mixture. 
 Grab moist towel on one side and use it to lift and roll the package into a strudel (roll), pinching the egged end to seal. 
 Transfer the strudel, seal side down, to a well-greased baking sheet. 
 Brush entire strudel with remaining eggwash. 
 Transfer sheet to preheated 400 °F oven and bake 45 minutes until crisp and golden brown. 
 Transfer strudel to cutting board, allow it to rest 5–10 minutes before slicing. 
 Serve with a Caesar or a composed salad for a delicious taste treat. 
 Makes a great luncheon or brunch dish, too. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Phyllo will dry out incredibly fast if you don;t cover it with the damp towel, so do*not* skip this step. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Curly parsley Recipes, Czech Meat Dishes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rosemary Recipes, Savory pastry Recipes, Strudel Recipes, Add category