Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Orange_Date_Squares,_Minty_Ice_Cream_Pie,_Carrots_and_Broccoli,_Calico_Dips...

Orange Date Squares
 
 
  1 cup dates, chopped 
 
 Two thirds cup dark brown sugar 
One half cup water 
One half cup butter 
6 oz. semi-sweet chocolate chips
2 eggs, beaten
One third cup orange juice 
One third cup milk 
1 tsp. baking soda 
1 and one quarter cups all-purpose flour 
One half tsp. salt 
Two thirds cup walnuts, chopped 
 Place dates, brown sugar, water and butter in a saucepan and simmer until dates are soft. Remove from heat and add chocolate chips. Add eggs, orange juice and milk and stir. Combine baking soda, flour, salt and walnuts and fold in date mixture. Pour into a greased 13 x 9-inch baking pan and bake for 30 minutes at 350 degrees. Allow to cool and prepare glaze and drizzle over bars. Cut into squares and serve. 
 Glaze 
 3 cups confectioner's sugar 
1 Tbsp. grated orange zest 
One third cup milk 
 Combine ingredients and mix well. 
 
   
MINTY ice cream Pie
 
  1 9-inch chocolate pie shell
 
 One quarter cup milk 
1 7-oz. jar marshmallow creme
One quarter cup creme de menthe 
One quarter cup creme de cacao 
1 8-oz. container whipped topping 
3 cups vanilla ice cream, softened
Chocolate syrup 
 Combine milk and marshmallow creme in a glass bowl and microwave on high for 1 minute, stir in creme de menthe and creme de cacao and whipped topping and stir until blended. Spread ice cream along the bottom of pie shell followed by milk mixture. Chill overnight. Drizzle with chocolate syrup just before serving. 
 
 
  Carrots and Broccoli 
 
 1 16-oz. package of fresh baby carrots
1 pound fresh broccoli, cut into bite sized florets, and peeled, thin slices of stalk
One third cup butter
2 tsp. orange zest 
1 Tbsp. fresh grated ginger 
2 Tbsp. orange juice 
Salt and pepper to taste 
 Place carrots in large pot and bring to a boil. Cook for a couple of minutes then add broccoli, cover the pot and reduce heat. Cook for about 5 minutes or until broccoli is just crisp tender. Drain veggies and place in a serving dish. In a small pan, melt butter over medium heat. Add orange zest, ginger and orange juice and mix well. Pour butter sauce over veggies and toss to coat. Add salt and pepper to taste. 
 
 
  Calico Dips
 

 12-16 oz. Monterey jack cheese, grated
 
 1 small can diced chili peppers, mild
1 small can chopped black olives 
5 green onions, chopped fine 
2 tomatoes, chopped fine (or use 1 can petite diced tomatoes drained)
One half bunch fresh parsley, chopped 
One half cup grated parmesan cheese 
8 oz. Italian salad dressing 
 Combine all ingredients at least 8 to 10 hours before serving and refrigerate. Serve with tortilla chips.
 
 
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Add category