Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Moroccan_Shepherds%E2%80%99_Pie

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 sweet potatoes 
 3 large  sweet potatoes 
 1/4 cup  orange juice 
 1/4 tsp. ground  cumin 
 1/8 tsp. ground  cinnamon 
 1/4 cup extra virgin  olive oil , optional 
 sea salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Vegetable Filling 
 2 Tbs. extra virgin  olive oil 
 2  onions , peeled and diced 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 large  carrots , peeled and diced 
 1 lb. soy burger meat or 4 vegan burgers, crumbled 
 1 tsp. ground  cumin 
 1 tsp. ground coriander 
 1/2 tsp. ground  cinnamon 
 1 tsp. freshly ground  black pepper 
 Strands  saffron , optional 
 4  tomatoes , peeled, seeded and diced or 3 1/4 cups diced canned  tomatoes 
 1 cup  vegetable stock 
 1 head  Cauliflower 
 1 large or 2 small  zucchini  or other  Squash , cut into 1-inch cubes 
 1 head  Broccoli , cut into bite-sized florettes 
 1/8 cup  Raisins , optional 
 1/4 cup  slivered almonds 
 White  potatoes 
 3 lbs.  potatoes , peeled and cut into 1- to 2-inch chunks 
 2 tsp.  salt 
 1/4 cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 sea salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 350F. Lightly  oil  ovenproof 10 by 15-inch baking dish.
 2. Bake  sweet potatoes  until soft, about 1 hour. Remove from oven; set aside to cool. When cool enough to handle, peel and mash with  orange juice , spices and  olive oil . Season with  salt  and  pepper .
 3. To make vegetable filling: Heat  oil  in large skillet over medium-high heat. When hot, add  onions ,  garlic ,  carrots , soy meat and spices. Cook mixture for about 7 minutes, or until soy meat is browned and crusty but not burnt.
 4. Reduce heat to medium, and add  tomatoes , stock and  Cauliflower . When mixture is warmed through, add  zucchini ,  Broccoli ,  Raisins  and  almonds . If needed, heat mixture in two batches. Transfer mixture to baking dish. Cover loosely with foil, and bake for 30 to 45 minutes.
 5. To make white  potatoes : Combine  potatoes  and  salt  in large pot with  water  to cover by 3 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and cook  potatoes  for 10 minutes more, or until tender. Remove from heat and drain  potatoes , reserving 2 cups of cooking liquid. Mash  potatoes  with  olive oil , then slowly add 1 cup cooking liquid, or enough to give  potatoes  a moist, fluffy consistency. Season with  salt  and  pepper .
 6. Fill two large pastry bags, one with mashed white  potatoes  and one with mashed  sweet potatoes . Remove baking dish from oven. Pipe decorative design on top of pie, alternating colors for drama.
 7. Return casserole to oven for 15 minutes or until  potatoes  are heated through. Just before serving, place under broiler, and cook until crust is lightly browned. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Potato Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Add category