Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Akras_Kibbi_Maklieh

Description : 
 Fried kibbi balls
 
 Ingredients : 
 32 oz (5 cups) fine  burghul  ( cracked wheat ) 
 32 oz finely ground lean meat (ask for kibbi meat if available) or a combination of half  lamb  and half  beef . 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 large  onion 
 1 green chile ( serrano  or  jalapeno ) very finely minced 
 1 cup iced  water  or ice 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 ½ teaspoon ground  allspice 
 6 cups vegetable  oil  for deep frying 
 Filling : 
 16 oz  minced meat 
 2 tablespoons  shortening , or peanut oil. 
 5 medium  onions , finely chopped 
 1 cup fried  pine nuts 
 ½ teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 a pinch of  salt 
 a dash of ground  cinnamon 
 a dash of ground  allspice 
 Directions : 
 Wash  burghul  under running  water  then soak in  water  for about 60 minutes. 
 Drain, then press to remove moisture as much as possible. 
 Mash  onion  in the food processor then add minced meat in batches. 
 Remove and place aside. 
 Mix meat mixture with  burghul ,  salt ,  green chile ,  allspice , and  cinnamon . 
 Process well in batches into a firm paste. 
 Knead mixture with wet hands into a smooth paste. 
 Put in refrigerator for 30 minutes covered with a piece of wet texture. 
 Filling : 
 Fry chopped  onion  with a dash of  salt  in  shortening  until transparent. 
 Add minced meat,  salt  and spices to  onions  and fry until cooked. 
 Mix in  pine nuts . 
 Put filling aside. 
 Divide paste into egg-sized balls dip your hands in cold  water  then roll each ball between the palms of your hands until smooth. 
 Make a hole in the middle with your forefinger. 
 Work finger round in the hole until you have a shell of even thickness. 
 Fill hole with filling mixture and close opening. 
 Moisten with cold  water  to seal well and to shape with two pointed sides. 
 If any breaks appear in shell, close with wet fingers. 
 Place balls on a tray. 
 Heat  oil  in a pan then fry till brown evenly and cooked. 
 Serve kibbi hot with  tabouleh  salad, or a  Hess Cucumber Salad , or a creamy cucumber dressing made with  yoghurt . 
 
 
 
Categories: Lebanese Meat Dishes, Bulgur Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category