Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hearty_Oatmeal_Bread

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Nutritional information 
 
 
 Description : 
 The number of slices used to calculate the recipe was not given or checked. Guessed about 16 half-inch slices per loaf to make 32 servings. 
 
 Source:  Menus by Betty Wedman , 1993 
 Makes 2 loaves. 
 Ingredients : 
 5¼ cups  all purpose flour 
 ½ cup  flour  (use as needed) 
 1 tsp  salt 
 2¼ cups  milk 
 ¼ cup  margarine  or  butter 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 2 envelopes  active dry yeast   or  2 tbsp  active dry yeast 
 2 cup  quick cooking oats 
 1 tbsp  caraway seeds 
 Directions : 
 Stir together 2 cups of  flour  and the  salt  in a large bowl. 
 Heat the  milk ,  margarine  and  sugar  together over low heat until the  margarine  is soft. 
 Add the liquid to the  flour . 
 Beat for 2 minutes on the medium speed of an electric mixer or 300 strokes by hand. 
 Combine 1 cup of  flour  and the  yeast . 
 Add to the batter. 
 Beat for 2 minutes on medium speed or 300 strokes by hand. 
 Stir in the  oats  and caraway with a wooden spoon. 
 Stir in enough additional  flour  to make a stiff dough. 
 Turn out onto a floured board. 
 Knead until smooth, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Place in a greased large bowl. 
 Brush the top with  vegetable oil . 
 Cover with a damp kitchen towel and let rise in a warm place until double in size, about 1 hour. 
 Punch the dough down. 
 Divide it in half and shape to form two loaves. 
 Place in two greased 8 ½ " x 4 ½ " loaf pans. 
 Brush with melted  margarine  or  butter . 
 Cover and let rise until nearly double in size, about 1 hour. 
 When almost doubled, preheat the oven to 375°F. 
 Bake for about 40 minutes or until brown. 
 Cool before slicing. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per slice:
 
 78 calories | 2g protein | 16g carbohydrate | 1g fat | 181mg sodium 
 1 starch exchange 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Bread Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Quick oats Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category