Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Bayou_Lafourche

Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Serves: 6 
 Ingredients : 
 6 boneless  chicken breasts 
 1 cup, seasoned  flour 
 ½ cup  vegetable oil 
 Stuffing : 
 ½ pound chopped  crawfish  tails 
 ¼ cup finely diced  onions 
 ¼ cup finely diced  celery 
 ¼ cup finely diced  red bell pepper 
 1 tsp finely diced  garlic 
 ¼ cup finely sliced  green onions 
 ¼ cup chopped  parsley 
 ½ tsp  Pernod  or  Herbsaint 
 1 tbsp  sherry 
 ½ cup  Bechamel sauce 
 ½ cup seasoned Italian  bread crumbs 
 salt  and cracked  black pepper  to taste 
 Andouille tarragon cream : 
 ¼ cup melted  butter 
 1 tbsp  shallots 
 1 tbsp  garlic , chopped 
 ¼ cup  andouille 
 1 tbsp chopped  tarragon 
 1 ounce  white wine 
 1½  heavy whipping cream 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Pound  chicken  breasts lightly to flatten and season with  salt  and cracked  black pepper . 
 In a one quart mixing bowl combine all remaining ingredients except  flour  and  oil . 
 Blend well to incorporate and adjust seasonings if necessary. 
 Place an equal amount of the stuffing in the center of each breast, roll into a turban shape and secure with toothpicks. 
 Dust lightly in  flour  and set aside. 
 In a ten inch saute pan over heat oil over medium high heat and saute  chicken  until brown on all sides. 
 Place in oven and bake for 10 – 15 minutes or you may with to deep fry at 375°F for ten minutes. 
 Serve with  Andouille tarragon cream . 
 Andouille tarragon cream : 
 Heat  butter  over medium high heat. 
 Add  shallots ,  garlic  and andouille. 
 Sauté three to five minutes or until vegetables are wilted. 
 Add  tarragon  and deglaze with  white wine . 
 Add  heavy whipping cream  and reduce to one half volume. 
 Season to taste using  salt  and  pepper . 
 Serve under Chicken Bayou Lafourche. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Crayfish Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Pernod Recipes, Herbsaint Recipes, Andouille Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Tarragon Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category