Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/About_Soybean

It's thought that the first written record of  soybeans  is dated 2838 B.C., and the Chinese have been cultivating them for thousands of years. So important are  soybeans  to the Chinese that they're considered one of the five sacred  grains  along with  rice ,  Wheat ,  Barley  and  millet .  soybeans  didn't find their way to Japan until the 6di century and to Europe until the 17th century. Their extraordinary nutritive value was not scientifically confirmed until the 20th century. Although the United States didn't really become interested in  soybeans  until the 1920s, it now supplies one-third of the world's total production. There are over 1,000 varieties of this nutritious Legume, ranging in size from as small as a pea to as large as a  cherry .  Soybean  pods, which are covered with a fine tawny to gray fuzz, range in color from tan to black. The beans themselves come in various combinations of red, yellow, green, brown and black. Their flavor is generally quite bland, which may explain why they weren't embraced by Western cultures until their nutritive value was discovered. Unlike other legumes, the  Soybean  is low in carbohydrates and high in protein and desirable  oil . Because they're inexpensive and nutrition packed,  soybeans  are used to produce a wide variety of products including  tofu  ( soybean curd ),  soybean oil ,  soy flour ,  soy milk  and Soy Sauce.  soybeans  can be cooked (after being presoaked) like any other dried bean to be used in soups and stews. 
 User Submitted - Anomynous
 
 
 Food That Protects You From Cancer, Heart Disease and Osteoporosis! : 
 The humble  Soybean  boasts some extraordinary benefits. This nutritional powerhouse has stayed under wraps for too long. Apart from being the only  vegetable protein  with all 20 amino acids essential for our health and well being, the humble  Soybean  has many other virtues...including an excellent foundation for fast, safe weight loss program. 
 According to Dr David Heber in "The LA Shape Diet" women who are on a weight loss program, need about 100 grams of protein per day to fight against hunger and to build their best personal lean muscle shape whilst still losing weight. Without the appropriate level of proteins in a low calorie diet, people and women in particular, risk losing 1 pound of muscle for every 4 pounds of weight lost! 
 Dr Heber recommends soy-protein shakes or soy-protein fruit smoothies as a safe and healthy way to achieve fast and permanent weight loss. Apart from the wonderful health advantages of soy, this a safe protein source without the unwanted cholesterol and saturated fats that accompany animal protein sources and sabotage low calorie weight loss programs. 
 Read on to discover some other wonderful benefits of this incredible this food source. 
 1. Soy contains health enhancing isoflavones. Isoflavones are compounds found only in plants which have strong antioxidant properties. hese compounds repair, and help prevent damage to cells caused by pollution, sunlight, and normal body processes. Free radicals can easily cause harm to the immune system, whose cells divide often. They may also be responsible for some of the changes of aging. 
 2. Reduce risk of heart disease. Soy's protein and isoflavones lower LDL cholesterol and decrease blood clotting, which reduces the risk of heart attack and stroke. In one study, people who drank a " milk  shake" containing 25g of soy protein for nine weeks experienced, on average, a 5% reduction in LDL cholesterol. And people with the highest LDL levels experienced a 11% drop. (For each 10% to 15% drop in the LDL level, the risk of a heart attack decreases 20% to 25%). 
 3. Protection against cancer. Soy's soluble fiber protects the body from many digestive related cancers, such as colon and rectal cancer. While its isoflavones may protect the body from many hormone related cancers, like breast, endometrial (uterine) and prostate cancer. Isoflavones act against cancer cells in a way similar to many common cancer-treating drugs. 
 4. Counter the effects of endometriosis. The isoflavones in soy products may help to offset the action of the body's natural estrogen, which is often responsible for instigating the monthly pain, heavy bleeding and other symptoms of endometriosis. 
 5. Protect against prostate problems. Eating soy products may protect against enlargement of the male prostate gland. The size of the prostate gland tends to increase with age, causing various types of urinary difficulties, including frequent nighttime awakenings. 
 6. Guard against osteoporosis. Soy's protein enhances the body's ability to retain and better absorb calcium in the bones, while its isoflavones slow bone loss and inhibit bone breakdown, which helps prevent osteoporosis. There is evidence to suggest that isoflavones may also assist in creating new bone. 
 7. Control symptoms of menopause and perimenopause. Soy's isoflavones help the body regulate estrogen when this hormone is declining or fluctuating, which helps alleviate many menopausal and PMS symptoms. Research has shown that soy isoflavones can reduce menopausal hot flushes in women. 
 8. Help control diabetic conditions and kidney disease. Soy's protein and soluble fiber help regulate glucose levels and kidney filtration, which helps control diabetic conditions and kidney disease. 
 What an incredible little bean! With such profound health benefits how can you overlook this wonderful food source? If you haven't yet noticed, gone are the days when the only way soy products came were in strange tasting meat substitutes. You can now access a wide range of soy products and use soy in a variety of ways to suit any taste palate. 
 
Kim Beardsmore may be contacted at  http://leanmachine.org/?refid=idea-13945  kim@kigamarketing.com
. Click here to view more of their articles.
Kim is a successful weight loss coach. She will cut through the diet-hype and ensure you reach a healthy. No 'weigh-ins' or meetings that cost you money or fads...simply long term results. You can receive a free consultation. Visit today to see what you can do to take control of your weight forever!  http://www.leanmachine.org/?refid=idea-13945  Are you interested in earning money from home? Visit:  http://free2liv.com/?refid=idea-567883424 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/33/Soybean.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004852']
Categories: Soybean, Add category