Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pizza_with_Dried_Herbs

Ingredients : 
 Toppings : 
 1¼ cups thick  tomato sauce 
 1 tsp dried  oregano 
 ½ tsp dried  thyme 
 7 oz  mozzarella  cheese 
 2 tbsp  Parmesan cheese , freshly grated 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 Dough : 
 ½ pack  active dry yeast 
 ⅔ cup warm  water 
 1 pinch  sugar 
 2 cup  all-purpose flour 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 Put the  yeast  in a cup with 2 tsp of the warm  water , and a pinch of sugar. 
 Leave in a warm place for 10 minutes until frothy. 
 Sift the  flour  with the  salt  into a large bowl. 
 Make a depression in the centre of the  flour  and pour in the  yeast  liquid, the remaining lukewarm  water , and the  olive oil . 
 Beat with a wooden spoon until it all clings together, adding a drop more  water  if required, then turn out on to a floured surface and knead for 5 minutes. 
 Put the dough back in a clean bowl, lightly oiled, and cover it with cling film (saran wrap). 
 Stand the bowl in a warm place for 1 – 2 hours until the dough has roughly doubled in volume. Meanwhile, make the  tomato sauce ). 
 When the dough has risen sufficiently, knock it back (punch it down), and turn out on to a floured board. 
 Knead again briefly for about 2 to 3 minutes, and divide it into 2 pieces. 
 Roll each piece out fairly thinly. 
 Pick up each one and pull it gently between the hands to make a large thin round, roughly 10 inches across. 
 Pizza : 
 Lay the 2 circles of dough on oiled backing sheets and cover each one with ⅔ cup of thick  tomato  sauce, spreading it evenly almost up to the edge. 
 Sprinkle over each one ½ teaspoon of dried  oregano  and ¼ teaspoon of dried  thyme  or, better still, wild  thyme . 
 Grate the mozzarella coarsely and scatter half over each pizza. 
 Sprinkle the grated  Parmesan cheese  on top and pour a thin trickle of  olive oil , about 1 tbsp, over each. 
 Bake them for about 12 minutes in a hot oven ~ 425°F or until the edges of the dough are browned and the centre lightly colored. 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category