Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Cheesecake

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes About 16 Servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 Crumb Crust : 
 1½ cups  graham cracker  or other cookie crumbs 
 3 tablespoons  unsalted butter , melted 
 Cheesecake : 
 3 pounds  cream cheese , at room temperature 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 6 large  eggs , at room temperature 
 ¼ cup strained  lemon juice 
 1 tablespoon  vanilla 
 1 or 2  lemons , thinly sliced for garnish, optional 
 mint sprig, for garnish, optional 
 Directions : 
 Crumb Crust : 
 Combine cookie crumbs and  butter , stirring together with fork. 
 Gently press mixture into bottom of buttered 10 inch spring-form pan. 
 Bake at 325 °F for 15 minutes on middle rack until slightly dry. 
 Cool slightly. 
 Cheesecake : 
 Meanwhile beat  cream cheese  and  sugar  with electric mixer on low speed until just combined. 
 Scrape bowl and beaters and beat in  eggs , two at a time, scraping bowl and beaters between each addition to avoid lumps. 
 Beat in  eggs  only until absorbed. 
 Stir in  lemon juice  and  vanilla . 
 Wrap double thickness of aluminum foil around bottom of pan. 
 Place pan in roasting pan. 
 Pour in batter. 
 Place pans in oven. 
 Pour warm  water  to depth of 1 inch into lower pan. 
 Bake at 325 °F about 1 hour or until lightly golden and firm, except for area about 2 inches in diameter in very center. 
 Remove from oven. 
 Loosen sides of cheesecake from pan with tip of small, sharp knife to prevent cracking. 
 Leave cheesecake in the  water  filled pan until cool enough to handle. 
 Remove pan from  water . 
 Peel away foil and cool to room temperature. 
 Refrigerate cheesecake, loosely covered with foil, at least 8 hours or overnight. 
 Loosen sides of pan from cheesecake with small, sharp knife. 
 Remove side of pan. 
 Garnish cheesecake with  lemon  slices and  mint  sprig. 
 Cut cheesecake with sharp, thin knife, dipped in warm  water  and wiped clean between each cut. 
 See also : 
 Lemoncheesecake.net : Many Lemon Cheesecake recipes.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheesecake Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Add category