Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chilean_Pastel_de_Choclo

Description : 
       Chilean Pastel de Choclo     
 There are many interpretations of this Mexican  shrimp  and  corn  casserole. In this one,  Shrimp  cooks with evaporated milk until it is slightly thick, then whirls in the food processor until smooth. Serve this slightly sweet dish with pebre, posted separately.
 
 Yield: 4 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  whole milk 
 4½ cups fresh  corn  (or 2 x 16 oz packages frozen  corn , thawed) 
 2 tablespoons fresh  basil , thinly sliced 
 4 teaspoons  sugar , divided 
 1 cup  chicken broth  (or  water ) 
 1 cup  onions , thinly sliced 
 ½ cup  red bell peppers , thinly sliced 
 ½ cup  carrots , thinly sliced 
 ¼ teaspoon  black pepper 
 3  garlic  cloves, thinly sliced 
 2  bay leaves 
 ½ lb boneless skinless  chicken breasts , cut into bite-sized pieces 
 4 tablespoons fresh  parsley , minced 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 400°F. 
 Combine  milk  and  corn  in a large saucepan, bring it to a boil. 
 Cover, reduce the heat, and simmer 15 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat, let stand, covered 5 minutes. 
 Place the  corn  mixture in a food processor, process it until smooth. 
 Stir in the  basil , 1 tsp of the  sugar , and ½ teaspoons  salt . 
 Combine broth,  onion ,  bell pepper ,  carrot ,  black pepper ,  garlic  and  bay leaves  in a large saucepan. 
 Bring it to a boil. 
 Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes. 
 Add remaining ½ teaspoons  salt ,  chicken , and  parsley . 
 Cover and cook 10 minutes or until  chicken  is done. 
 Drain, discard  bay leaves . 
 Place  chicken  mixture in the bottom of an 8" square baking dish coated with  cooking spray . 
 Top with the  corn  mixture, sprinkle evenly with remaining 1 tbsp  sugar . 
 Bake at 400°F for 25 minutes. 
 Preheat broiler. 
 Broil 3 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Enjoy!. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b9/Pi1cxHNzpI.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004703']
Categories: Basil Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chilean Meat Dishes, Corn Recipes, Onion Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Add category