Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Water_chestnut


 Browse All Water chestnut Recipes   
       Water chestnuts     
 About Water chestnut : 
 The  water chestnut , resembles a chestnut in color and shape, is also known as the Chinese water caltrop. This tuber is commonly associated with  Chinese  cooking, but is finding its way into other ethnic meals.
 Hailing from Southeast Asia, water chestnuts are actually roots of an aquatic plant that grows in freshwater ponds, marshes, lakes, and in slow-moving rivers and streams. These roots are commonly grown in Japan, Taiwan, China, Thailand, and sometimes in Australia. Water chestnut harvesting is laborious, making them somewhat expensive to purchase. Processed and canned water chestnuts widely found in most supermarkets. However, fresh water chestnuts, are more difficult to find, but are becoming more available.
 If you find fresh water chestnuts, select those that are firm with no signs of wrinkling. These will need to be peeled prior to eating and cooking. Stored fresh tubers need to be wrapped tightly in a plastic bag for up to one week.
 Canned, unopened water chestnuts will store indefinitely. Once opened, canned tubers will keep up to one week in a bowl of water. Be sure to change the water daily for the ‘freshest’ product.
 The edible tuber of a water plant indigenous to Southeast Asia. The water chestnut's brownish-black skin resembles that of a true chestnut, but its flesh is white, crunchy and juicy. The flavor is bland with a hint of sweetness. Water chestnuts are very popular in Asian cooking, especially in Stir-fried dishes where their crunchy texture is a standout. Water chestnuts are available fresh in most Chinese markets. Choose those that are firm with no sign of shriveling. Refrigerate, tightly wrapped in a plastic bag, for up to a week. Peel before using raw or in cooked preparations. Water chestnuts are also available canned-either whole or sliced-in most supermarkets, but the fresh are far superior.
 
 Water chestnut Recipes : 
 Source : 
 Vegetable of the Month: Tubers  by the US Centers for Disease Control & Prevention, public domain government resource—original source of article 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a5/WaterChestnut.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004320']
Categories: Water chestnut, Root and tuberous vegetables, Add category