Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Green_and_Red_Pepper_Salad


 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large  green peppers , halved and seeded 
 2 large  red peppers , halved and seeded 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 2 tablespoons sweet  onions  or  yellow onions , finely chopped 
 1 1/4 cups ripe  tomatoes , peeled seeded and cut into a 1/4 inch dice 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt  (to taste) 
 1 teaspoon  cumin 
 1/4 teaspoon  Cayenne 
 
 
 Directions : 
 1. Pre-heat oven to 425 degrees.
 2. Place the  peppers  cut-side down on a baking sheet with a lip or a baking pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Turn  peppers  over and bake for an additional 5 minutes. Repeat previous step two more times. Total baking time is 25 minutes.
 3. Remove tray from oven and cover with a clean dishtowel for 10 minutes. The  peppers  should be soft and tender and you can easily slip off the skins.
 4. Cut the  green peppers  into a 1/4 inch dice. Slice the red pepper halves in half (now they will be quarters) and reserve.
 5. Add 1 tablespoon of  oil  to a non-stick skillet over medium heat. Add  onions  and stir for a minute, then add  garlic  and stir for 30 seconds. Add the  green peppers , lower the heat a bit and cook for 5 minutes. Add  tomatoes ,  cumin  and  Cayenne  and mix well. Cook an additional 6 minutes looking for the mixture to loose some of its moisture.
 6. Combine the ingredients for the dressing in a small bowl and whisk.
 7. To assemble your salad, arrange the red pepper quarters on a serving platter—a la spokes on a wheel or flower petals. Its fine if the overlap a bit. Drizzle dressing over the  red peppers . Spoon the green pepper- tomato  mixture into the center—allowing some to casually spill over.
 8. Alternately, you can arrange this on single serving platters with 2 red pepper quarters in a V-shape and the green pepper- tomato  mixture placed where the two strips join together.
 9. This salad can be served chilled or at room temperature.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Ghanaian Recipes, Ghanaian Salads, Green bell pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Yellow onion Recipes, Add category