Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ngege_with_Groundnut_Sauce

Description : 
 Ngege (Oreochromis esculentus, a kind of  Tilapia ) is commonly consumed throughout Africa's great lakes region. Lake Victoria was a famous source of Ngege until the Nile  Perch  was introduced and drove the Ngege to near-extinction (many Lake Victoria cichlids suffered the same fate). This is another of Africa's many  peanut  sauce recipes, similar to Central Africa's fried in  peanut  sauce.
 
 Ingredients : 
 salt  and  black pepper , to taste 
 1 cup cooking  oil 
 whole  tilapia  (one per person), one to two pounds each; cleaned (or  tilapia  fillets, or any fish) 
 1 or 2  onions , finely chopped 
 ½ cup of  peanut butter  (natural, unsweetened) or a homemade  groundnut  paste made by grinding fresh roasted  peanuts 
 1 spoonful of  curry powder  (or any similar spice or spices) 
 Directions : 
 If using whole fish: cut two or three slits into each side of the ; rub  salt  and  pepper  into the slits and on the side of the. 
 If using fillets: rub  salt  and  pepper  onto the fillets. 
 Heat  oil  in deep frying pan until very hot. 
 Fry in hot  oil , one side at a time, until is browned and crispy, turning once. 
 Reduce heat and cover. 
 Allow to cook a few more minutes until it is done. 
 Remove from pan. 
 Place in covered dish in warm oven. 
 Increase heat under frying pan. 
 Fry the  onions  in the same pan, until fully cooked. 
 Remove  onions  and place them over the. 
 Reduce heat. 
 Add  peanut butter  and  curry  powder (or other spices) to frying pan. 
 Mix well with remaining  oil . 
 Reduce heat to very low. 
 Slowly stir in enough  water  (about a cup) to make a smooth sauce. 
 Pour sauce over and  onions . 
 Serve with  ugali  or  rice . 
 Variations: include  tomatoes ,  green pepper , hot  chile   pepper , and/or  garlic  when frying the  onion . 
 
 
 
Categories: Ugandan Meat Dishes, Tilapia Recipes, Onion Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Curry Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category