Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Persian_Tahdeeg_(Rice_and_Potatoes)

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 This is my daughter Nomi's all-time favorite way to eat  rice . My friend Debbie, who is married to a Persian, makes this for her every time we're over at their house for a meal. I figured I was going to have to learn to make this myself, since Nomi just adores this  rice  and asks for it every time. It's a little complicated, but gets easier each time you make it (says Debbie). Well worth the effort, I'm a big fan of this  rice  myself, and EVERYONE always fights over the crust! Prep time includes soaking. 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 cups of white long  grain   rice 
 4 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 3-4 medium  potatoes 
 4 ounces  water 
 salt 
 : 
 == When the  rice  is half-crunchy half-soft, take it out and drain it in a kitchen strainer. ==
 
 Run tap  water  on top of it to wash out some of the  salt . 
 Pour the  oil  in the pot, add 4 oz of  water . 
 Lay the  potatoes  in the bottom of the pot, add a bit of  salt , then pile up the  rice  loosely in the shape of a mountain, on top of the  potatoes . 
 With the back of a spoon, make five holes, one in the center and four around it so that the  rice  can breath in the cooking process. 
 == Directions == 
 
 
 
 For best results, soak the  rice  for a few hours in hot  water  and some  salt  before cooking. 
 
 
 Peel the  potatoes  and slice them in a round shape. 
 
 
 You could use the  potatoes  unpeeled as well since they add lots of fiber to your diet (I don't do this, I have picky kids). 
 
 
 In a medium size pot, half-way filled with  water , bring the  water  to a boil. 
 
 
 Add the  rice  (and the  water  it was soaking in), and let it cook for a few minutes until it starts boiling. 
 
 
 Occasionally pick a few of the  rice   grains  with a spoon and chew on them to see if they have softened. 
 Spread a little  water  on top and close the lid. 
 Let it cook for a couple of minutes on high heat. 
 When the  rice  starts to steam, change the setting to medium heat and let it cook for about 15 minutes. 
 Then turn the heat to medium-low, sprinkle some cooking  oil  to stop it from drying, and let it cook for another 10 minutes. 
 Most likely by this time the smell of the  potatoes  has filled the kitchen, and the dish is ready to eat. 
 Note: If you have a choice, use  basmati rice  and be careful not to overboil, it can get pretty sticky if you overcook it. 
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basmati rice Recipes, Cereals Recipes, Persian Recipes, Persian Vegetarian, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category