Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Aloo_Biryani


 Ingredients : 
 ½ teaspoon  saffron  thread 
 1½ cups boiling  water 
 2 cups  basmati rice  -- or other  long-grain rice  -- dry measure 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 4  cloves 
 1 stick  cinnamon 
 2  potatoes  -- ½" cubes (about 8 oz/250g) 
 2 tablespoons chopped  mint 
 1 tablespoon fresh  ginger  – minced 
 ½ cup plain low-fat  yogurt 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ cup chopped  cilantro 
 1  onion  -- thinly sliced 
 Directions : 
 Soak the  saffron  in a small bowl in 1 tablespoon of the boiling  water  for at least 10 minutes. 
 Wash the  rice  under cold running  water  until the  water  runs clear. 
 Drain, then place it in a medium-sized bowl, cover with  water  and soak for 30 minutes. 
 Preheat the oven to 350 °F (180 °C) cooking (25 minutes) bring a large  saucepan  of  water  to a boil. 
 Add the  rice , stir well, and boil rapidly for 5 minutes. 
 Drain. 
 While the  rice  is cooking, heat the  oil  in a large, flameproof casserole dish over medium heat. 
 Add the cloves and  cinnamon  and stir for 30 seconds. 
 Add the  potatoes  and cook, stirring frequently, until golden, about 5 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Sprinkle the  mint  and half of the  ginger  over the  potato  mixture. 
 Spread half of the  rice  over the  potato  mixture. 
 Place the  yogurt ,  salt ,  saffron  and  saffron  liquid in a small bowl. 
 Combine well. 
 Pour half of the  yogurt  mixture over the  rice  in the casserole dish. 
 Sprinkle the remaining  ginger , the  cilantro  and  onion  on top and cover with the remaining  rice . 
 Pour the remaining  yogurt  mixture over the  rice . 
 Pour the remaining boiling  water  down the side of the mixture. 
 Cover and bake in the oven until the  rice  is tender and all of the liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes. 
 Loosen the edges of the cake from the casserole dish. 
 Warm the serving plate. 
 Put platter on top of casserole and turn the  rice  onto the plate. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/e4/Rice_with_potatoes.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004544']
Categories: Pakistani Vegetarian, Basmati rice Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Mint Recipes, Potato Recipes, Rice Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Indian Recipes, Add category