Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Country_Stew

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 A countrified combination of real meat and vegetables is made with soup stock, cooked to white-hot perfection, and served with other dishes. You can make this with real herbs and other slices of meat while cooking.
 
         
 Ingredients : 
 2 tbsp. pure vegetable oil 
 1 ½ lbs. pork shoulder, cubed 
 1 ½ lbs beef roast, cubed 
 1 cup potatoes, cubed 
 ½ cup carrots, cubed 
 ½ cup celery, sliced 
 1 onion, chopped, white or yellow only 
 1 clove garlic 
 1 ½ cup soup stock 
 2 cups water, hot or lukewarm only 
 1 tablespoon salt 
 3 tbsp. parsley, chopped, reserving 2 tablespoons for garnishing if desired 
 5 tsp. ground red pepper, optional 
 1 tsp. ground black pepper 
 ¼ cup all-purpose flour 
 Directions : 
 Heat oil in a large skillet or soup kettle. Brown meat over medium heat. 
 Add potatoes, carrots, celery, onion, garlic, soup stock, 1 ½ of the water, salt, parsley, and ground black pepper. 
 Cover and bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer 1 ½ hours or until meat is tender. Combine flour, ground red pepper (optional), and the remaining ½ cup of water in a screw-top jar. 
 Shake to blend. Slowly stir into meat mixture. 
 Cook to desired thickness. Serve hot and plain or with other main dishes but scoop or spoon some of the red-hot stew into a large bowl and top with the remaining parsley, if desired. 
 Contributed by : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/87/CountryStew.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/344?cb=20171008025808']
Categories: Stew Recipes, Beef Recipes, Potato Recipes, Pork Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, World Recipes, Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, American Recipes, American Meat Dishes, North American Meat Dishes, North American Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Red Pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Root vegetable Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Add category