Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Double-chocolate_Peanut_Butter_Pie

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Yield: 8 servings 
 Recipe provided by:  Food & Wine 
 Ingredients : 
 4 ounces  semisweet chocolate , chopped 
 ¼ cup  unsalted butter , cut into tablespoons 
 8 ounces  chocolate wafer  cookies, finely ground 
 8 ounces  cream cheese , softened 
 1 cup chunky  peanut butter 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 2 teaspoons pure  vanilla extract 
 1 cup well-chilled  heavy cream 
 ¾ cup salted roasted  peanuts , chopped 
 kosher salt 
 4 ounces  semisweet chocolate , chopped 
 ½ cup  heavy cream 
 Directions : 
 Chocolate crust : 
 Preheat the oven to 375°F. 
 In a medium glass bowl, combine the chocolate and butter and microwave at high power in 20-second intervals until the chocolate is melted. 
 Stir well, then stir in the cookie crumbs. 
 Press the cookie crumbs over the bottom of a 9-inch spring-form pan and 1½ inches up the side. 
 Bake the crust for 10 minutes, or until set; the crust will continue to firm up as it cools. 
 Peanut butter filling : 
 Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using a hand-held electric mixer, beat the cream cheese with the peanut butter, sugar and vanilla extract until blended. 
 In another large bowl, using the same beaters, whip the chilled cream until firm. 
 Fold one-third of the whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture to loosen it, then fold in the remaining whipped cream and ½ cup of the chopped peanuts. 
 Spoon the filling into the crust, smoothing the surface. 
 Sprinkle lightly with salt and refrigerate until set, about 3 hours. 
 Chocolate topping : 
 In a medium glass bowl, combine the chocolate with the heavy cream and microwave at high power in 20-second intervals until the chocolate is melted and the cream is hot. 
 Stir the chocolate topping until blended, then let cool to barely warm, stirring occasionally. 
 Spread the chocolate topping over the peanut butter filling and refrigerate until just firm, about 15 minutes. 
 Sprinkle the remaining ¼ cup of chopped peanuts around the edge of the pie. 
 Carefully run a thin knife around the pie crust to loosen it, then remove the spring-form ring. 
 Using a sharp knife, cut the pie into wedges. 
 Run the knife under hot water and dry it between each cut. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Pie Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Chocolate wafer Recipes, Add category