Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chard_Tart

Description : 
 This recipe came from an estate sale. I obtained it when I purchased the family collection from the Tinsley Estate in Venus, Texas in 1987.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 1 teaspoon  granulated sugar 
 ¼ cup warm water 
 3 tablespoons  sour cream 
 1  egg 
 2 cups  all purpose flour 
 2 tablespoons  butter  softened 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 Filling : 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1 large  white onion  thinly sliced 
 1  red bell pepper  seeded and thinly sliced 
 1 pound  Swiss chard 
 1  egg 
 ¼ cup chopped fresh  basil  leaves 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 ¾ pound grated  cheddar  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Combine yeast, sugar and water in a small bowl and let sit until foamy about 10 minutes. 
 In a large bowl combine sour cream and egg then stir in ½ cup of the flour, butter and salt. 
 Add yeast mixture and mix thoroughly. 
 Gradually add remaining flour until a soft dough is formed. 
 Place the dough on a lightly floured surface and knead lightly until it is no longer sticky adding a bit more flour if needed. 
 Place dough in a buttered bowl turning to butter the entire surface. 
 Cover and let dough rise 1 hour. 
 For the filling heat oil in a skillet and slowly sauté the onion until soft. 
 Add the pepper slices and sauté 5 minutes longer. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Bring a large pot of water to a boil then carefully rinse and clean the chard and chop coarsely including the stems. 
 Cook chard and stems for 2 minutes in the boiling water then drain well and squeeze out as much water as possible. 
 Stir together the egg, basil, pepper, salt and cooked chard. 
 Grease a 10-inch tart pan with a removable bottom. 
 Punch down the dough and roll out on a floured surface to form a 14-inch circle. 
 Fit the dough into the tart pan trimming the excess from the edges. 
 Spread the onion and pepper slices over the bottom of the tart shell then cover with the chard mixture and top with cheese. 
 Bake for 45 minutes. 
 Cut into wedges and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Savory pie Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Egg Recipes, Onion Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Swiss chard Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Add category