Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ashanti_Chicken


 
 Description : 
 There should be lots of "ooohs" and "aaaahs" at the table when you slice all the way through what looks like a normal roasted  Chicken  without hitting any bones to reveal a delicious pairing of stuffing and meat.
 
 Ingredients : 
 one whole  Chicken , two to three pounds, de-boned 
 one pound  yams  (or  potatoes , or  sweet potatoes ), peeled and cut into quarters 
 one pound  Chicken  meat, white or dark (no bones) 
 cooking  oil  for frying  Chicken 
 one small  Onion , chopped 
 one  tomato , chopped (or a spoonful of  tomato  paste or  tomato  sauce) 
 a handful of  parsley , chopped 
 a few  mint  leaves, chopped 
 salt  and  black pepper , to taste 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Boil the  yams  (or  potatoes , or  sweet potatoes ) until tender. When tender, remove from  water  and mash. 
 While  yams  are cooking, fry the  Chicken  meat (not the whole  Chicken ) in a few tablespoons of  oil . When nearly done add the  Onion  and  tomato . Reduce heat and simmer until  Chicken  is fully cooked. 
 Add the chicken-onion- tomato  mixture to the mashed  yam  (or its substitute). Add  parsley ,  mint ,  salt , and  pepper . Mix well. 
 Stuff the de-boned  Chicken  with the yam- Chicken  mixture. Sew the  Chicken  closed with a needle and cooking string. Rub with  butter  or  oil ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Steam the stuffed  Chicken  for two hours in a large Dutch oven (place the  Chicken  on something to keep it out of the boiling  water ), then baste it with  oil  or  butter  and bake or grill it until it is golden brown. -- Or—Bake or grill the stuffed  Chicken  until it is browned, then wrap it in foil to allow it to continue to cook until fully done. 
 Either way, be sure to use a meat thermometer to check for doneness. Make sure to check the temperature of both the whole  Chicken  and the stuffing 
 Serve  ginger beer  or Green Tea with  mint  with or after the meal 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Ghanaian Recipes, Ghanaian Meat Dishes, Ginger beer Recipes, Mint Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sweet potato Recipes, Yam Recipes, Add category