Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cuban_Opera_Cake

Description : 
 This cake can be made a day ahead of time and kept refrigerated. Just allow to stand at room temperature for an hour before serving.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake : 
 4 ounces  bittersweet  or  semisweet chocolate , chopped 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 teaspoons  baking soda 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 2 cups  light brown sugar  (packed) 
 ½ cup  unsalted butter , room temperature 
 3½ teaspoons  vanilla extract 
 4 large  eggs 
 1 cup  sour cream 
 ½ cup  crème de cacao 
 ½ cup freshly brewed  coffee , lukewarm 
 Buttercream : 
 8 ounces  milk chocolate , chopped 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 4 large  egg yolks 
 2 tablespoons  water 
 2 tablespoons  light corn syrup 
 ¾ cup  unsalted butter , room temperature 
 Coffee mousse : 
 ½ cup  half and half 
 4 tablespoons  sugar 
 1 tablespoon instant espresso or  coffee  powder 
 4 large  egg yolks 
 1 teaspoon  unflavored gelatin  softened in 1 tablespoon  water  10 minutes 
 1 cup chilled  whipping cream 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 Chocolate glaze : 
 1½ cups  sugar 
 1 cup  water 
 ½ cup unsweetened  cocoa powder 
 12 ounces  bittersweet  or  semisweet chocolate , chopped 
 Directions : 
 Cake : 
 Preheat oven to 325°F. 
 Butter two 9" diameter cake pans with 2" high sides; line bottoms with parchment paper rounds. 
 Dust pans with  flour ; tapping out any excess flour. 
 Melt  chocolate  in the top of a  double boiler  over simmering  water , stirring until melted and smooth. 
 Remove the top part of the double boiler and allow the mixture to cool until it is lukewarm. 
 Whisk  flour ,  baking soda , and  salt  together in a medium-sized bowl. 
 Using an electric mixer, beat the  sugar ,  butter , and  vanilla  in large bowl. 
 Add the  eggs  one at a time, beating well after each addition and stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl. 
 Gradually beat in the lukewarm melted  chocolate . 
 Beat in the dry ingredients using one third of the ingredients at a time alternately with half the  sour cream , beginning and ending with dry ingredients. 
 Gradually beat in the  crème de cacao  and  coffee . 
 Divide batter evenly between the two pans and smooth out the tops. 
 Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of each comes out clean (about 35 minutes). 
 Cool cakes in pans on racks 10 minutes. 
 Invert cakes onto 9-inch cardboard rounds or removable tart pan bottoms and allow them to cool completely on racks. 
 Buttercream : 
 Melt  milk chocolate  in top of a  double boiler  over simmering  water , stirring until smooth. 
 Set the top portion of the double boiler aside to the allow the chocolate to cool. 
 Whisk the  sugar ,  egg yolks , 2 tablespoons of  water , and the  corn syrup  in medium-sized metal bowl to blend. 
 Add ¼ cup of  butter . 
 Set the bowl over the saucepan of simmering  water  and whisk constantly until the mixture reaches 170°F (about 4 minutes). 
 Remove the bowl and set aside. 
 Using an electric mixer, beat the mixture until it is completely cool and thick (about 6 minutes). 
 Gradually beat in ½ cup  butter  a bit at a time, mixing thoroughly before adding the next bit and stopping occasionally to scrape down sides of bowl. 
 Beat in the lukewarm melted  chocolate . 
 Coffee mousse : 
 Bring the cream, 2 tablespoons  sugar  and espresso powder to a simmer in a small saucepan on medium-high heat. 
 Whisk  egg yolks  and remaining 2 tablespoons  sugar  together in a medium bowl. 
 Gradually whisk in  the hot cream mixture into  yolk  mixture. 
 Return the mixture to the saucepan and stir constantly over medium heat until thermometer registers 160°F (about 2 minutes). 
 Pour into a large bowl. 
 Add the softened  gelatin , stirring until it is completely dissolved. 
 Using an electric mixer, beat the mixture until it is cool (about 10 minutes). 
 Using clean, dry beaters, beat  cream  and  vanilla  in medium bowl until stiff peaks form. 
 Fold the  whipped cream  into the  coffee  mixture. 
 Assembly : 
 Cut both cake layers horizontally in half. 
 Place 1 cake layer in bottom of 9-inch-diameter spring-form pan. 
 Cover with ¾ cup the buttercream. 
 Place a second cake layer  on top of the buttercream layer and cover with mousse. 
 Top with a third cake layer. 
 Refrigerate 1 hour to allow the mousse to set. 
 Remove from the refrigerator and spread ¾ cup of buttercream over third cake layer. 
 Top with a fourth cake layer (don't worry, the cake now be taller than the sides of the pan). 
 Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. 
 Chocolate glaze : 
 Stir  sugar  and 1 cup  water  in medium saucepan over medium heat until the  sugar  dissolves. 
 Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. 
 Whisk in the  cocoa  then remove from heat. 
 Add the  chocolate  and whisk the mixture until it is smooth. 
 Let stand until cool but still pourable (about 2 hours). 
 Run knife around sides of the pan to loosen the cake, then release pan sides. 
 Scrape any excess mousse from sides of cake. 
 Transfer cake (still on the spring-form pan bottom) to a rack set over a baking sheet or other shallow pan. 
 Pour the glaze over the cake, allowing it to drip down edges onto baking sheet (use spatula to spread glaze over any uncovered spots). 
 Refrigerate at least 2 hours to allow glaze to set. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cuban Desserts, Cake Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Light corn syrup Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Crème de cacao Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Add category