Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Easy,_Yummy_Recipes_Using_Cooked_Turkey

Almost every household in America has the same problem the day after Thanksgiving—what will you do with all the leftover turkey? You could just reheat the leftovers and serve them. You could just slice the turkey and make cold sandwiches. But this year, after you've eaten the plain leftovers and sandwiches and want something with a little more pizzazz, try one of these tasty and easy recipes. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Easiest Turkey Pot-Pie 
 
 1.1   Description 
 1.2   Ingredients 
 1.3   Description 
 
 
 2   Turkey Hoagies 
 
 2.1   Description 
 2.2   Ingredients 
 2.3   Description 
 2.4   Contributed by 
 
 
 
 
 Easiest Turkey Pot-Pie : 
 Description : 
 This pot-pie is very easy and results in a dinner the whole family will love. My family is partial to this recipe because they prefer the pie crust to the biscuit topping that is commonly used in pot-pies. If you don't have frozen soup vegetables, regular mixed vegetables are fine as a substitution. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups chopped cooked turkey 
 1 16-oz pkg frozen soup vegetables 
 1 12-oz jar turkey gravy 
 1/4 cup water 
 2 refrigerated pie crusts 
 Description : 
 Preheat oven to 400 degrees. 
 Combine turkey, vegetables, gravy and water in a mixing bowl. Set aside. 
 Place one of the pie crusts in a 9-inch pie pan. Add the turkey mixture. 
 Place the remaining pie crust on top. Seal the edges of the pie crusts. 
 Cut slits in the top pie crust to vent. 
 Bake in the oven for 1 hour, until crust is golden and filling is bubbly. 
 
 
 Turkey Hoagies : 
 Description : 
 Whether you call them hoagies, subs or grinders, these hot sandwiches are just right for a quick meal when you want something warm and yummy without a lot of work. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 Tbsp olive oil 
 1 large onion, sliced 
 1 large green pepper, sliced 
 1 cup chopped cooked turkey 
 1/8 cup Italian salad dressing 
 4 hoagie rolls, split 
 1 cup mozzarella cheese 
 Description : 
 Saute onions and green pepper in pan with olive oil until they begin to soften. 
 Add turkey and Italian salad dressing to the onion and pepper mixture and heat through. 
 Divide onion, pepper and turkey mixture between the hoagie rolls and top each with the mozzarella cheese. 
 This year, give your family an extra reason to be thankful by cooking something new with your Thanksgiving turkey leftovers. 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 Sherri Allen 
 
 About the Author: Sherri Allen is the editor of an award-winning website devoted to topics such as family, food, garden, house & home and money. 
 For free articles, information, tips, recipes, reviews and coloring pages, visit  http://www.SherriAllen.com/ 
 Sherri Allen may be contacted at  http://www.SherriAllen.com/  sherri@sherriallen.com 
 Click here to view more of their articles. 
 Sherri Allen is the editor of an online publication featuring topics such as family, food, home, garden and money. For great tips, resources, articles, recipes, reviews and coloring pages, visit www.SherriAllen.com 
 
 
 
Categories: American Meat Dishes, Articles, Dinner Recipes, Easy Dinner Recipes, Add category