Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pan_Dulce_Navide%C5%84o


 
 Ingredients : 
 Yeast : 
 2 spoonfuls  dry yeast   or  4 spoonfuls  fresh yeast 
 ¼ cup  water , lukewarm 
 2 spoonfuls  sugar 
 2  water  cups, lukewarm 
 2 cups  flour 
 Dough : 
 10 cups  flour  cups, more or less 
 1½ cups  sugar 
 6 whole  eggs 
 1 spoonful  salt 
 1½ cups  butter 
 2 cups  milk , lukewarm 
 1 spoonfuls  orange blossom water 
 1 spoonful  cognac 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 6 cups  raisins 
 1 cup  nuts , peeled and chopped 
 1 cup  glazed orange rind 
 1 cup  almonds , peeled and chopped 
 Directions : 
 Yeast Preparation : 
 In a deep bowl, put the ¼ cup of  water  with the two spoonfuls of  sugar . Mix well. 
 Add the  yeast  and let it soak for five minutes. 
 To this mixture add the two cups of  water , little by little, and the two cups of  flour . 
 Mix well and let rest until it raises and doubles. 
 Place this mixture under the sun or near the stove, covering with a dish cloth or towel. 
 Dough Preparation : 
 To the  yeast  add the 1½ cup of  sugar , the spoonful of  salt , the 1½ cup of  butter , the six eggs slightly beaten, the 2 cups of  milk , the spoonful of  orange blossom water , the spoonful of cognac, the essence of  vanilla  and the  flour . 
 Mix all ingredients very well. 
 On a table knead the dough until bubbles burst. 
 Place the dough in a bowl and cover it whit a dish cloth or towel. 
 Place the dough under the sun or near the stove so that it doubles in size for a second time. 
 In the meantime, mix nuts, almonds and glazed  orange  rind with one or two spoonfuls of  flour , so that the fruit does not go to the bottom of the bread. 
 Once the dough doubles in size, add the fruit. Mix very well. 
 Place the dough under the sun or near the stove so that it doubles in size for a third time. 
 Once the dough has doubled in size, divide it into eight parts. 
 Make a ball with each piece and then flatten it, forming a bread loaf. 
 Place bread loafs in a non-sticky baking sheet. Let double for the fourth time. 
 Bake it at medium temperature (European oven: 150 °C; American oven: 300 °F) for forty-five minutes to one hour. 
 In a small bowl add a spoonful of boiling  water , ten spoonfuls of fine  sugar  more or less, until it thickens, and finally, a teaspoon of  vanilla extract . 
 Remove the bread loafs from the oven. 
 While still hot, covered them with the  sugar  mixture suing a brush. 
 If wanted, decorate with glazed fruit or  raisins . 
 
 
 
Categories: Bolivian Appetizers, Orange flower water Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Egg Recipes, Candied orange peel Recipes, Almond Recipes, Nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category