Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roasted_Potato_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs. all-purpose  potatoes , peeled and cut in half (4 to 5  potatoes ) 
 2 medium-large  onions , halved and peeled 
 2 Tbs.  olive oil 
 1/2 tsp. dried  thyme 
 1 medium head  garlic 
 2 1/2 Tbs.  butter  or soy  margarine 
 6 cups low-sodium  vegetable broth 
 1 1/2 Tbs.  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 cup  milk , half-and-half or  soy milk 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 400ʡF. Place  potatoes  in large bowl. Snip root end off each  Onion  and cut each half into 3 sections. Add  onions  to  potatoes , breaking up  onions  with your fingers to separate.
 
 Drizzle vegetables with  oil , add  thyme  and toss well. Spread vegetables on baking sheet. Season with  salt  and  pepper .
 
 Slice top third off head of  garlic  and place it on a piece of foil. Put 1/2 tablespoon  butter  on top of  garlic  and drizzle 2 teaspoons  water  onto foil. Fold sides of foil to enclose; place on pan with vegetables. Roast vegetables 45
 
 minutes, then remove  garlic . Continue roasting vegetables until tender, about 15 minutes more.
 
 In large saucepan, bring broth to a simmer over medium-low heat. Transfer half the roasted vegetables to food processor and add 1/2 cup hot broth. Process mixture until fairly smooth, then transfer to bowl. Repeat with remaining vegetables and a little more hot broth, squeezing  garlic  pulp out of husks into last batch. Stir all pureed mixture into broth in pan; keep pan over low heat.
 
 In small saucepan, melt remaining 2 tablespoons  butter  over medium-low heat. Add  flour  and cook, stirring constantly, 1 1/2 minutes. Stir in  milk  and cook, stirring often, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in ladleful of soup and cook 1 minute.
 
 Add mixture back to soup. Cook over medium-low heat until heated through, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Serve right away, or cool, refrigerate and reheat when needed.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Potato Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category