Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Peppered_Beef_Roast

Description 
 A bold combination of real beef, herbs, and spices is made tangier in taste and cooked to a red-hot aroma, as it typically adds some reddish zest to the meat. With spicy content roasted from meat, every slice of beef is rich, peppery power!
 
         
 Ingredients 
 2 – 3 pounds  beef round roast 
 2 teaspoons cracked  black pepper 
 2 teaspoons  dry mustard 
 1 large clove  garlic , crushed 
 ½ teaspoon ground  allspice 
 ½ teaspoon ground red pepper 
 2 ¾ teaspoons salt, rock or iodized only 
 1 teaspoon  vegetable oil 
 Directions 
 Preheat an oven to 350° F. 
 Combine black pepper, mustard, garlic, allspice, red pepper, and salt; stir in oil to form paste. Rub evenly over the surface of beef roast. 
 Place the roast, with the fat side up, on a rack in a shallow roasting pan. Just insert the meat thermometer into the thickest part of the roast, not touching fat. Do not add water. Do not cover. 
 Roast in 325° F in an oven approximately 1 ¾ to 2 hours for medium-rare doneness, or 2 ¼ to 2 ½ hours for medium doneness. 
 Remove the roast when the meat thermometer registers 140° F for moderately-rare, and 155° F for moderate. Cover the roast with aluminum foil as a tent and allow to stand 15 to 20 minutes. 
 Roast will continue to rise about 5° F in temperature to reach 145° F for moderately rare doneness, and 160° F for moderate doneness. Trim excess fat from roast before carving. Serve hot and plain or over rice. 
 Source 
 Beef Round Roast, Frozen, Ready-to-Cook  by the US Department of Agriculture, public domain government resource—original source of recipe 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/24/PepperedBeefRoast.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20171012080254']
Categories: Beef Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Meat Recipes, American Recipes, World Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Allspice Recipes, American Meat Dishes, North American Recipes, North American Meat Dishes, Dry mustard Recipes, Mustard Recipes, Red Pepper Recipes, Herb and spice mix Recipes, Condiment Recipes, Iodized Salt Recipes, Rock Salt Recipes, Vegetable Oil Recipes, Roasted Recipes, Add category