Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Coconut_Chicken

Description : 
 This entrée proves that you can eat delicious meals and lose weight! Now that's something to get excited about!
 If Bali is the ultimate island, then this dinner is the ultimate Bali taste. Chicken braised in coconut milk (Opor Ayam) is a true classic of Indonesian fare. We did change the chicken to white meat instead of the traditional drumstick or wing. New traditions can sometimes be better than old ones!
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  The South Beach Diet Cookbook  (Phase 2) 
 Serves 2 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil 
 ½ lb  chicken breast  tenders 
 ½ tbsp  chicken broth 
 ½ medium  onion , chopped 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 ⅜ tsp  dried cilantro 
 ½ tsp grated fresh  ginger 
 ½ tsp finely grated  lemon peel 
 1 / 16  tsp ground  cumin 
 ½ pinch of  ground turmeric 
 ½ cup light  coconut milk  (no sugar added) 
 1 tbsp  macadamia nuts , finely ground 
 ½ tsp  sugar substitute 
 ⅛ tsp  ground red pepper 
 ½ tbsp  tamarind paste  (available in Indian and specialty food markets) 
 1 tsp  water 
 scallion , chopped (for garnish) 
 Directions : 
 Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Add the chicken and cook for 5 minutes per side, or until browned and no longer pink in the center. 
 Remove the chicken to a plate and set aside. 
 Heat the broth in the same skillet. 
 Add the onion, garlic, cilantro, ginger, lemon peel, cumin, and turmeric; cook for 5 minutes (or until the onion is tender but not browned). 
 Stir in the coconut milk, nuts, sugar substitute, and red pepper. 
 Return the chicken to the skillet, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes (or until the chicken is cooked through). 
 Remove the chicken to a plate and keep warm. 
 Do not discard the sauce in the pan. 
 In a small bowl, combine the tamarind paste and water. 
 Stir into the sauce in the skillet and gently boil until thickened and the mixture measures about ½ cup. 
 Evenly divide the chicken among 2 serving plates. 
 Top with sauce and garnish with the scallion. 
 Nutritional information : 
 360 Calories | 25g Total Fat (14g Sat) | 66mg Cholesterol | 10g Carb | 3g Fiber | 28g Protein | 60mg Sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Macadamia nut Recipes, Onion Recipes, South Beach Recipes, Tamarind Recipes, Add category