Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Galinha_%C3%A0_Portugu%C3%AAsa

Ingredients : 
 1 whole chicken, cut into 6-8 pieces 
 Marinade 
 
 1/4 tsp saffron 
 50ml (2fl oz/ 1/4 cup ) white wine 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 3 Bay leaves, crumbled 
 
 Olive Oil for frying 
 4 medium  potatoes , parboiled in shins for 15 minutes,peeled and cut into chunks 
 1 medium  yellow onion , peeled and chopped 
 1 clove garlic 
 1 tsp red curry paste 
 1 tomato, roughly chopped 
 2 tsp salt 
 100 ml evaporated milk 
 200 ml   coconut milk 
 2 hard boiled eggs, cut into quarters 
 few slices chourico, or a few cubes of a salty strong-flavoured ham 
 6 Portuguese black olives 
 2 tbls desiccated coconut 
 pepper to taste 
 Directions : 
 1. To prepare the marinade, combine saffron, white wine, salt, pepper and crumbled bay leaves in a bowl and marinade chicken for not more that 1 hour. (Do not remove skin or bones from chicken)
 2. Meanwhile, heat  oil  in a large sauté pan or wok over medium-high hea and saute onions and garlic over high heat until soft. Stir  in curry paste and add chicken to seal..
 3. Add chopped tomato, salt and about 250ml of water. Cook for 20 minutes over medium heat. Add potatoes and leave on medium heat for a further 10–20 minutes until chicken is cooked through. Stir in coconut milk and evaporated milk, and remove from heat. Check for seasonings.
 4. Turn into a large serving dish and garnish with egg, chourico, olives, desiccated coconut and freshly ground pepper. place under the oven grill for 10 minutes until lightly browned on top.
 
 Also known as  Macau Chicken . this dish is throughtly Macanese: anyone who goes searching for it in Portugal is likely to be very disappointed. A fantastic family style dish, it is delicately spiced but rich with flavours and textures. 
 
 
 
Categories: Macanese Recipes, Macanese Snacks, Ground turmeric Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Turmeric Recipes, Potato Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category