Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Food_and_feng_shui

Feng shui has a great impact on the food we eat. Feng shui, the food we eat and ourselves are interrelated and influence each other. Chi and our life balance are highly influenced by food, starting on how it was harvested and produced, going through how we cook it and the environment and mood in which we eat it. 
Chi or positive energy flows in food as well as in everything else, and its quality depends a lot on the way we cook it. Actually, eating has direct relation with energy flowing, since it is the way we receive energy and it becomes part of us. Therefore, the source of that energy, which is food, should be handled very carefully. 
 Harmony and balance is an important aspect of the relationship between food and feng shui. It is important that we eat balanced food, which consists in variety and balance of colors. Feng shui recommends that a dish should contain different colors which are in harmony with each other. You should try to use as many different colors as possible in one same dish at the same time as they should combine and look good together. 
 You should also achieve a yin and yan balance in your food which is done through the balance of flavors. A feng shui and yin yan harmonic dish would contain strong flavors as well as delicate ones balanced through the use of different colors. There should not be one strong element predominating too much over the others. The food, the colors and the smells should all be in balance. 
 It is also important to pay attention to the food smells as well. You should like the smell of your food and it should be appealing to you. Every sense which is part of the eating process should be paid attention to and in balance with the dish as a unity. All the process, through which food goes, from where they are originated to when we eat it, is very important and should be followed carefully. 
 
Jakob Jelling may be contacted at  http://www.kitesurfingnow.com  . Click here to view more of their articles.
Jakob Jelling is the founder of  http://www.kitesurfingnow.com . Visit his kitesite for the latest on kitesurfing equipment, kiteboarding lessons, places to surf and much more!
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Add category