Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sizzling_Crispy_Rice_Soup


 
 Description : 
 Serves 6
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 large dried black  Mushrooms , stems removed 
1 medium (about 6 ounces) boneless, skinless  Chicken  breast 
1 slice  ginger 
1/4 cup barbequed  Pork  (or cooked  Ham ) 
4 ounces  Shrimp 
1/4 cup canned  bamboo shoots 
1/4 cup canned  water chestnuts 
5 cups  chicken stock  or broth 
1 cup reserved  Mushroom  soaking liquid 
1 TB dark soy sauce 
1 1/2 tsp  Chinese rice wine  or dry  sherry 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
A few drops  sesame oil 
Crispy  rice  (see directions for recipe) 
 vegetable oil  for deep-frying 
 
 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Soak  Mushrooms  in hot  water  for about 20 minutes. Strain the liquid and reserve 1 cup for the soup. Cut  Mushrooms  into quarters. Cut the  water chestnuts  and  bamboo shoots  into thin slices.
 Bring a pot of  water  to boil. Add the  Chicken  and slice  ginger  and briefly blanch the  Chicken , just until it changes color. Drain and cut the  Chicken  into thin slices. Bring the  chicken stock  or broth and the reserved  Mushroom  liquid to a boil. Add the  Chicken  and  Pork ,  Shrimp  and the vegetables. Let simmer for a few minutes, then add the soy sauce,  sherry , and the  salt  and  pepper . 
 Drizzle with the  sesame oil . Bring back to a boil and then let simmer for a few more minutes. Place the soup in a large serving bowl and keep warm. Heat wok and add  oil  for deep-frying. When  oil  is ready, add the Crispy  rice . Deep-fry until it puffs and turns brown, then drain on paper towels.
 Add the  rice  to the soup at the table, so that guests can hear the  rice  make popping sounds when added to the broth.
 
        To Make Crispy  rice 
 
  Preparation Time: 1 1/2 hours
 
 Yield: 8 - 10 squares
 Rinse 1 cup of long or medium  grain   rice . In a pot, add 1 1/2 cups  water  (1 1/4 cups for medium  grain   rice ) to the  rice  and bring to a boil. Cover and simmer on low heat for 30 minutes. Remove from burner and allow to cool.
 While  rice  is cooling, preheat oven to 300 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the  rice  on a baking sheet, making sure that it is about, but no more than, 1/4-inch thick.
 Bake the  rice  for 50 – 55 minutes, until it is dry. Cool and cut into 2-inch squares. Store in a canister until needed. Do not freeze.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Recipes, American Chinese Soups, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Cereals Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Ham Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category