Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Stew_with_Rice


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 8 to 10  Chicken  drumsticks 
 vegetable oil  for frying 
 corn flour , for dredging 
 Chicken  SEASONING: 
 1 tablespoon peeld and finely grated  fresh ginger 
 3 tablespoons sweet  paprika 
 1 tablespoon  garlic salt 
 4 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 STEW: 
 2/3 cup  oil  from frying  Chicken 
 3 large yellow or  red onions , minced 
 8  green onions , thinly sliced 
 3 cloves  garlic , peeled and minced 
 1 tablespoon peeled and grated  fresh ginger 
 1 green  bell pepper , seeded and minced 
 3 to 4 hot chiles, seeded and minced 
 4  tomatoes , blanched, peeled, and pureed or 1 13-ounce (410g) can *Italian peeled  tomatoes , undrained and pureed 
 1 tablespoon  tomato  paste 
 1/4 pound (125g) button  Mushrooms , cleaned and thinly sliced 
 3 tablespoons fresh or frozen  corn 
 2 cups  chicken stock 
 3 tablespoons chopped  cilantro , for garnish 
 6 cups hot cooked  long-grain rice  or  couscous , as accompaniment 
 lettuce  leaves, for garnish 
 1 or 2  tomatoes , sliced, for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Rinse and dry the  Chicken  pieces. Mix the seasoning ingredients and combine them with the  Chicken  drumsticks. Toss well so each piece of  Chicken  is well coated. Cover and set aside in a cool place for about 4 hours or, preferably, overnight in a refrigerator. 
 Heat  vegetable oil  for frying in a large, heavy-based, nonstick, deep skillet. Dredge each seasoned drumstick in  cornstarch  and fry in the hot  oil  to seal and quickly brown the outside (about 3 to 4 minutes each). Turn  Chicken  to ensure even  browning . When it is golden brown, remove the  Chicken  from the  oil  and drain on paper towels. Repeat the process with all the  Chicken  pieces. Cover and set aside. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Corn Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Couscous Recipes, Garlic salt Recipes, Ivoirian Meat Dishes, Ivoirian Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Add category