Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Carquinyolis

Description : 
       Carquinyolis     
 Almond biscotti. I recently tried this biscotti recipe and told myself that I must share it! This is from my favorite magazine,  Saveur . ENJOY!!!
 
 Ingredients : 
 3  eggs 
 1 cup  confectioners' sugar 
 1 cup  flour 
 1 tablespoon ground  aniseed 
 1 tablespoon ground  cinnamon 
 1¼ teaspoons  active dry yeast 
 ½  lemon , zest of 
 1¼ cups toasted  almonds 
 Directions : 
 First, preheat your oven to 375°F. 
 Secondly, take a baking sheet, and line it with parchment paper and set it aside. 
 Then, take a small bowl and beat 1  egg  in it, and set it aside. 
 Next fit your standing mixer with the paddle attachment. 
 Place your  sugar ,  flour ,  anise ,  cinnamon ,  yeast , and zest into a standing mixing bowl, and mix well with the paddle. 
 Beat in the remaining 2  eggs  one at a time, on high speed, mixing well after each addition. 
 Remove the bowl from mixer and fold in your  almonds . 
 Then you will turn your dough out onto a well floured surface and divide it in half. 
 Lightly  flour  your hands to prevent sticking and then shape the dough into 2 slightly flattened cylinders about 3 inches wide by 14 inches long. 
 Be sure to brush off excess  flour  from the dough with a dry pastry brush. 
 Then carefully transfer the dough cylinders to prepared sheet pan, placing them approximately 4 inches apart. 
 Brush the dough cylinders with the beaten  egg  you have set aside at the beginning of the process. 
 Bake for 30 minutes, misting the dough and oven with  water  from a spray bottle every 10 minutes or so until crust is shiny and dark brown (not burnt) in color. 
 Remove from the oven when done, and allow them to cool slightly. 
 Slice on the bias into ½ inch thick cookies and transfer the biscotti to a wire rack to allow them to cool completely. 
 Biscotti can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 days. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3d/Carquinyolis_-_Almond_Biscotti.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004613']
Categories: Almond Recipes, Anise seed Recipes, French Snacks, Yeast Recipes, Egg Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category