Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Filet_%E2%80%98o%E2%80%99_Tofu_Sandwiches

Ingredients : 
 1 lb  medium-firm   or   silken tofu , cut into 8 equally-sized slabs 
 1 cup  water 
 juice of one half a  lemon 
 4 tbsp  nutritional yeast 
 2 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp dried  kelp  powder 
 ¼ tsp dried  dill 
 2 cups pulverized  corn flakes  cereal  or   crackers  of your choice + 2 tsp  salt 
 1 cup  whole wheat flour 
 2 tbsp  oil 
 8 white hamburger buns 
 4 slices vegan " cheese ", American-style 
 ¼ cup vegan  mayonnaise 
 ⅛ cup green  relish 
 Directions : 
 In a shallow baking dish, whisk together the  water ,  lemon juice ,  nutritional yeast ,  salt ,  kelp  powder (this ingredient is important to impart that seafood-y flavour/aroma), and dill. 
 Carefully arrange the slabs of  tofu  in a single layer in this dish. 
 Let marinate in the fridge for at least 3 hours, or overnight. Turn occasionally. 
 Preheat your oven to 450 °F. 
 Grease a small baking pan (I used a pizza pan) with the 2 tbsp  oil . 
 Place the pulverized cornflakes or crackers in one small shallow dish, the  flour  in another. 
 Drain the  tofu  slabs, reserving the marinade in another shallow dish. 
 Carefully coat the  tofu  slabs (one at a time) first in the  flour , then dip in the reserved marinade (quickly), then in the pulverized cornflakes/crackers. 
 Place on the oiled baking sheet and repeat with the remaining slabs. 
 Place in the oven and bake for 5-10 minutes on each side, gently turning them once in a while, until they are golden. 
 While the "fish" filets are baking, mix together the vegan  mayonnaise  and relish in a small dish. 
 Unwrap the " cheese " slices and cut in half. 
 If you have a vegetable or  rice  steamer, place the buns inside and steam them for the last 3-5 minutes of the fillet cooking time. 
 Arrange the buns on plates, lay down ½ slice of  cheese  on the bottom of each bun, top with a "fish" filet, and 1 tbsp of the  mayo /relish mixture. 
 Cap each sandwich and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Sandwich Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Soy cheese Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Kombu Recipes, Cornflake crumb Recipes, Cracker crumb Recipes, Add category