Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pasteis_de_Carne

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Pastry 
 2.2   Filling 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 Fried pastries with meat filling
 
 Ingredients : 
 Pastry : 
 3 cups  flour 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 10 tablespoons  shortening , melted to lukewarm 
 1/2 cup  milk , mixed with 
 1/2 cup hot  water 
 Filling : 
 2 tablespoons  oil 
 1  Onion , chopped 
 1 clove  garlic , smashed 
 2  tomatoes , peeled,seeded and chopped 
 1 lb ground  Beef 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 2 tablespoons  parsley , finely chopped 
 1 hard-boiled  egg , chopped 
 1/2 cup  mozzarella   Cheese , chopped 
 8  green olives , chopped 
 oil  (for deep frying) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 To prepare the pastry, sift the  flour  and  salt  into a bowl. 
 Add the melted  shortening  and warm  milk  and  water . 
 Mix to a smooth dough and cut into 2 pieces. 
 To prepare the filling, heat the  oil  in a frying pan, add the  Onion  and  garlic  and fry for 5 minutes until soft and golden. 
 Add the  tomatoes , ground  Beef  and  salt . 
 Simmer for 20 minutes until almost dry. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Add the chopped  parsley ,  egg ,  Cheese  and and mix well. 
 To assemble pastries, roll out the pastry on a floured board to 1/8 inch thickness. 
 Cut 12, 4 inch circles from each piece, 24 circles. 
 Place 1 tablespoon filling on each circle and moisten around the edge with warm  water . 
 Fold over and seal the edges well. 
 Deep fry in preheated 375f degree  oil  for 4 to 5 minutes until golden and crisp. 
 Remove with slotted spoon and drain on absorbent paper towel. 
 The pastries are also delicious cold and make good picnic fare. 
 They may also be made without the ground  Beef . 
 Variation to replace ground  Beef , use finely chopped  Ham , chopped  Chicken , or  Shrimp . 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Caribbean Appetizers, Cheese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Ham Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Side Dish Recipes, Add category