Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Poppy_Seed_Tart

Description : 
 This cake is remarkable; no one would ever believe that it is so low in fat and calories. Depending on the sweetness of the fruit you use to garnish the cake, you may wish to increase or decrease the  Sugar  in the  lemon  syrup.
 
 by Times food stylists 
 Makes 8 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 ⅔ cup  non-fat milk 
 2 tbsp  poppy seeds 
 1 jar (4-ounce) baby food  pear  purée 
 1  egg white , lightly beaten 
 ¾ tsp  vanilla 
 grated zest of 2  lemons 
 1⅓ cup  cake flour 
 1 cup  sugar 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 ¼ cup  lemon juice 
 ½ pint  raspberries 
 2  kiwi  fruits, peeled and cut into thin wedges 
 10 small  papaya  balls 
 lemon zest  rose, optional 
 lemon  leaves, optional 
 Directions : 
 Combine  non-fat milk  and  poppy seeds  in a bowl. 
 Let stand about 15 minutes. 
 Stir in  pear  purée,  egg white ,  vanilla  and  lemon zest . 
 Sift together  cake flour , ¾ cup  sugar  and  baking powder  in another bowl. 
 Stir nonfat  milk  mixture just until blended. 
 Pour into 9-inch indented, fluted shortcake pan sprayed with non-stick vegetable spray. 
 Bake at 375°F. 
 About 20 minutes or until cake tests done in the center. 
 Let cool in pan 5 minutes. 
 Loosen edges and turn out onto wire rack with wax paper underneath. 
 Combine remaining ¼ cup  sugar  and  lemon juice  in small sauce pan. 
 Heat to boiling. 
 Simmer about 1 minute or until syrup is clear. 
 Brush syrup over top and sides of cake while cake is still warm. 
 Place cake on serving platter. 
 Arrange  raspberries ,  kiwi  wedges and  papaya  balls in attractive arrangement on top of cake. 
 Garnish center with  lemon  rose and several  lemon  leaves, if available. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Each serving contains about: 214 calories; 72 mg sodium; 0 cholesterol; 1 gram fat; 49 grams carbohydrates; 3 grams protein; 1.2 grams fiber.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cake Recipes, Kiwi Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Papaya Recipes, Pear Recipes, Poppy seed Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Add category