Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Holiday_Tofurky

Decription : 
       Thanksgiving Tofurky     
 A recipe for a glazed  tofurky  on a bed of autumn vegetables. Could also be called Thanksgiving or Christmas Tofurky, serves four people easily, can be expanded to serve however many guests you have.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  tofurky  (thawed, and more than one tofurky if you have a large group) 
 Glaze : 
 1 large  onion , minced 
 1 cup of  dried sweet pitted cherries , chopped 
 4 tbsp  apple cider  (or apple cider vinegar) 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 tbsp  brown sugar 
 2 tbsp  balsamic vinegar 
 2 tsp  Dijon mustard 
 Veggies : 
 2 fist sized  potatoes  (or 1 potato per person being served) 
 2  carrots  (or 1 carrot per person being served) 
 2  onions  (any size, larger and more of them if you like onions) 
 2 medium sized  beets  (or 1 beet per person being served) 
 any other autumn / root vegetables you might enjoy —  parsnips  are very nice, as is  celery 
 salt to taste 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F in a large skillet, heat the olive oil on medium heat, then add the onion, dried cherries, sugar and balsamic vinegar. 
 Cook until the onions are soft, then stir in the mustard and apple cider and simmer for 2 more minutes. 
 Cut all the vegetables to a desired size (one inch cubes are nice for the root vegetables, quarter the onions) and place them in a large baking dish so that they form a single layer of vegetables. 
 Sprinkle with the desired amount of salt. 
 Place the tofurky on top and cover it with the glaze, reserving a bit for later basting. 
 Pop in the oven and bake for the recommended time on the package (at least 30 minutes -- but the vegetables can be your guide, when they are done, so usually is the tofurky). 
 Notes : 
 If you are concerned that the tofurkey is not sufficiently done, you can remove the vegetables and keep them warm and keep baking the tofurky. 
 You can also choose to peel your vegetables or not, it depends entirely on your personal preference. 
 If you use more than one tofurky, then multiply the glaze ingredients accordingly. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/06/Thanksgiving_Tofurky.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20091125180303']
Categories: Easter Vegetarian, Christmas Main Dishes, Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Vegetarian holiday Recipes, Meat substitute Recipes, Dried cherry Recipes, Onion Recipes, Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Root vegetable Recipes, Add category