Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggplant_Cannelloni_with_Roasted_Tomato_Sauce

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 Tbs.  olive oil 
 10  plum tomatoes 
 1 small  Onion , sliced 
 4 cloves  garlic , peeled 
 1 large  Eggplant 
 10-oz. pkg. frozen, chopped  spinach , thawed and squeezed dry 
 1 cup low-fat  ricotta cheese 
 2  egg  whites 
 2 Tbs. chopped fresh herbs, such as  basil ,  oregano  and  parsley 
 2 Tbs. grated  Parmesan cheese 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 400ʡF. Coat baking sheet with  cooking spray . Slice  tomatoes  lengthwise. Scrape out seeds with knife tip and discard seeds. Lay  tomato  halves cut side down on baking sheet. Scatter  Onion  slices and  garlic  among  tomatoes ; sprinkle with  black pepper  to taste.
 2. Trim ends off  Eggplant  and cut lengthwise into 8 slices. Lightly coat second baking sheet with  cooking spray . Lay  Eggplant  slices on sheet, overlapping slightly to fit. Coat  Eggplant  slices lightly with  cooking spray . Place both baking sheets in oven. Roast until  Eggplant  slices are soft, and  tomatoes  puff and start to brown, about 15 minutes.
 3. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, mix  spinach , ricotta or  cottage cheese ,  egg  whites and herbs. When vegetables are done, remove from oven; reduce heat to 350ʡF. With tongs, pull skins off  tomatoes  and discard skins. Scrape  tomatoes ,  Onion ,  garlic  and pan juices into food processor and process until a chunky sauce forms.
 4. Spoon 1 cup sauce into bottom of 9 x 9-inch baking pan. Place about 1/3 cup spinach-ricotta mixture on one  Eggplant  slice; roll up from small end, and place seam side down in baking pan. Repeat with remaining slices, using all the filling. Top  Eggplant  rolls with remaining  tomato  sauce, and sprinkle with Parmesan. Bake until  Cheese  is melted and casserole is hot, about 25 minutes.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Cottage cheese Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Add category