Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Strawberry_Souffl%C3%A9_Pancake

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Batter 
 2.2   Strawberries 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Batter 
 3.2   Strawberries 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Yield: about 18 cups of batter
 
 Ingredients : 
 Batter : 
 2½ qts.  half-and-half 
 36 large  egg yolks 
 12 oz  butter , melted 
 1 cup  Grand Marnier 
 2 tbsp  granulated sugar 
 2 tbsp ground  cinnamon 
 1 tbsp  salt 
 1 lb 14 oz  all-purpose flour 
 Strawberries : 
 7 lb 8 oz California  strawberries , stemmed and sliced 
 11 oz  granulated sugar 
 3 qt  egg whites 
 1½ cups  clarified butter 
 as needed -  powdered sugar 
 as needed -  maple syrup 
 Directions : 
 Batter : 
 Heat oven to 400°F. 
 In mixer bowl, using whisk attachment, mix 1 quart of the half-and-half,  egg yolks ,  butter ,  Grand Marnier ,  granulated sugar ,  cinnamon  and  salt  until blended. 
 Gradually add  flour , mixing just until combined (batter will be lumpy) 
 Stir in remaining 1½ quarts half-and-half. 
 Cover and refrigerate, if made ahead. 
 Strawberries : 
 For each serving, to order: in bowl, combine 1 cup  strawberries  and 1 tablespoon  sugar ; set aside. 
 In separate bowl, beat ½ cup  egg whites  to soft peaks; set aside. 
 In third bowl, combine ¾ cup batter and ½ of the sugared  strawberries  (with juices); gently fold in beaten  egg whites . 
 In small (7-inch) heatproof nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon  clarified butter  over medium heat until hot. 
 Add  strawberry  batter; cook 3 to 4 minutes or until edges are set. 
 Transfer skillet to oven; bake 10 o 12 minutes or until pancake is lightly browned and center is set. 
 Plate, top side up, and garnish with remaining ½ of the sugared  strawberries . 
 Dust with  powdered sugar ; serve with  maple syrup  as desired. 
 Shortcut - mix chopped fresh California  strawberries  into your  buttermilk  pancake mix and top with stemmed, sliced California  strawberries . 
 
 
 
Categories: Milk and cream Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Grand Marnier Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Pancake Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Add category