Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baked_Stuffed_Shrimp_II

Description : 
 A quick and tasty appetizer ideal for preparing ahead of time and popping in the oven when guests arrive. Toasted stuffing with garlic, 
mushrooms and fresh chives and parsley makes an attractive topping for tender, juicy shrimp. Serve with a wedge of lemon for a bit of 
tang and added elegance. 
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Serves 8 to 10 as an appetizer 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons extra virgin  olive oil , divided 
 3 cloves  garlic , finely minced 
 1 cup fresh  mushrooms , finely minced 
 2 pounds jumbo raw  shrimp , shelled, tail left on 
 1 cup  bread crumbs  or natural cracker crumbs (use gluten-free bread crumbs or cracker crumbs, if desired) 
 ¼ cup fresh  parsley , finely minced 
 ¼ cup fresh  chives , minced 
 ½ cup  butter , melted 
 sea salt , to taste 
 freshly ground  pepper , to taste 
 pinch of  cayenne  (optional) 
 paprika  to garnish 
 lemon  wedges 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Pour 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a 9x13 glass baking dish. 
 Spread the oil along the bottom. 
 Set aside. 
 Cut the shrimp by making a slice along the length of the underside of the shrimp. 
 Remove the vein while doing this. 
 Don't cut all the way through the shrimp but just deep enough to open the shrimp to lay flat. 
 Sauté the garlic and mushrooms in the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil over medium-high heat for 5 to 10 minutes, stirring frequently, until mushrooms have given up their liquid. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Add the bread crumbs or cracker crumbs to the mushrooms in the pan along with the parsley, chives, melted butter, salt, pepper and cayenne, if using. 
 Lay the shrimp open and flat in the prepared baking dish, and place even amounts of the crumb mixture on top of each. 
 Bake the shrimp for 15 to 20 minutes or until they are pink. 
 Transfer to a serving platter. 
 Lightly sprinkle with paprika. 
 Serve with lemon wedges. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (132g-wt.):
 
 260 calories (140 from fat) | 15g total fat | 7g saturated fat | 21g protein | 10g total carbohydrate (less than 1g dietary fiber, 0g sugar) | 160mg cholesterol | 570mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Seafood appetizer Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Chives Recipes, Add category