Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Cake_with_Chocolate-Pecan_Frosting

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 cups  granulated sugar 
 1 teaspoon  baking soda 
 Pinch of  salt 
 8 tablespoons (1 stick)  unsalted butter , cut up 
 8 tablespoons (1 stick)  margarine , cut up 
 1 cup  water 
 1/3 cup  unsweetened cocoa powder  (not Dutch process) 
 3/4 cup  sour cream 
 2 large  eggs 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 
 Frosting 
 8 tablespoons (1 stick)  unsalted butter , cut up 
 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon  milk 
 1/4 cup  unsweetened cocoa powder  (not Dutch process) 
 1 pound (about 4 1/3 cups) confectioners'  Sugar , sifted 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 1 cup (4 ounces) coarsely chopped  pecans , toasted 
 Directions : 
 To make the cake:
 Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350ʡF. Lightly  butter  and  flour  a 13 x 9-inch baking pan, tapping out the excess  flour . Whisk the  flour ,  granulated sugar ,  baking soda  and  salt  in a large bowl to combine. In a medium saucepan, bring the  butter ,  margarine ,  water  and  cocoa  to a boil over high heat, stirring to dissolve the  butter  and  margarine . Pour into the  flour  mixture and whisk well. Add the  sour cream , then the  eggs  and  vanilla , and beat well. Spread evenly in the pan. Bake until the cake springs back when pressed in the center, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and place on a wire rack.
 
 To make the frosting:
 Bring the  butter ,  milk  and  cocoa  to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the  butter . Gradually stir in the confectioners'  Sugar , then the  vanilla . Stir in the chopped  pecans . Pour over the warm cake. Cool the cake in the pan on the rack. Cut into pieces and serve directly from the pan.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cocoa Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Add category