Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/ShahiKorma

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tb  cumin  seeds 
 4 ts  coriander seeds 
 1 Or 2 teaspoons  Cayenne  - pepper 
 1 t  saffron  threads 
 3 tb Hot  milk 
 6 tb  ghee  or  clarified butter  -(see note) 
 2 md  onions , chopped 
 5  black cardamom  pods - cinnamon  sticks 
 4 Cloves 
 3  bay leaves 
 1  fresh ginger , grated 
 4 lg  garlic  cloves, minced 
 2 lb Boneless  Lamb , cut into -1/2-inch cubes 
 1 c Fresh, sweet, unflavored - yogurt 
 salt 
 1/4 c  heavy cream 
 1 tb  rose water 
 1/4 c  blanched almonds 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Grind the  cumin  and  coriander seeds  in a spice mill, combine with the red pepper and place near the stove. Soak the  saffron  in hot  milk . 
Heat the  ghee  or  clarified butter  in a large, shallow, heavy pan. 
Stir in the  onions ,  cardamom  pods,  cinnamon , cloves and  bay leaves . Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the  onions  begin to turn reddish brown, about 15 minutes. Add the  ginger  and  garlic  and cook, stirring constantly and scraping the bottom of the pan, until the  onions  are reddish brown. 
Stir in the ground spices and cook, stirring, for about 10 seconds, or until the spices release their fragrance. 
Dry the meat with paper towels. Stir half of the meat into the spice mixture. Increase the heat to medium high and cook, stirring for a few minutes, making sure all the meat is coated with the spices. Stir in the remaining meat, and cook as before, scraping the bottom of the pan. 
If the mixture gets too dry, splash in a little  water . 
Turn the heat to medium. Start adding the  yogurt  1 tablespoon at a time, stirring and incorporating it into the mixture before adding the next tablespoonful. Continue adding in this way until all the  yogurt  has been used. 
Turn the heat to low. Cover the pan and simmer the meat for about 1 1/2 hours, or until the meat is very tender. If necessary, splash in a little  water  from time to time. When the meat is tender, and  salt  to taste. Stir the  cream  and cook until the sauce is thick. Stir in the  saffron  and  rose water  and heat thoroughly. 
Fry the  almonds  in a little  oil  until golden brown. Serve the  Lamb  piping hot garnished with the  almonds . (The whole spices in this dish are not meant to be eaten.) Serve this dish with a pilaf or any Indian bread. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/ee/ShahiKorma.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004525']
Categories: Almond Recipes, Black mustard seed Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Coriander seed Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Add category