Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mandu

        
 Description : 
 Golden Dumplings - Mandu, Korean dumplings, can be boiled in  water  then served in soups. Or serve them like potstickers by frying them on one side then steaming them until done. Serve fried mandu with a soy- vinegar  dipping sauce. If you prefer, you can make the stuffing without  tofu  (tubu in Korean), substituting  ground beef  or  pork , or even  ground turkey  instead.
 
 Serving Size: 4 
 Yield: 200 dumplings 
 Ingredients  : 
 Mandu filling : 
 40 oz firm  tofu 
 32 oz  kimchi  minced 
 48 oz extra-lean  ground beef 
 8  green onions  minced 
 8  garlic  cloves minced 
 4 tbsp  cornstarch 
 4 tbsp toasted  sesame seeds 
 8 tsp  sesame oil 
 4  egg whites  lightly beaten 
 4 tsp  salt 
 2 tsp freshly-ground  black pepper 
 Mandu wrappers and cooking : 
 4 pkt round  egg roll wrappers  (gyoza) 
 vegetable oil  as needed 
 water  as needed 
 Dipping sauce - (Chojang) : 
 12 tbsp  soy sauce 
 8 tbsp  rice vinegar 
 2 tsp  sesame oil 
 4 tsp minced  garlic 
 1 tsp  red pepper flakes  - (to ½ tsp) (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Mandu filling : 
 Wrap the  tofu  in cheesecloth or a clean kitchen towel. 
 Squeeze out the excess  water . 
 Crumble the  tofu  into a mixing bowl. 
 Place the kimchi in a fine-mesh sieve or cheesecloth and press or squeeze to remove excess moisture. 
 Add the kimchi to the bowl. 
 Add the remaining mandu filling ingredients to the bowl and mix thoroughly. 
 At this point, the mandu mixture may be covered and refrigerated until ready to fill the dumplings. (It will keep as long as one day.) 
 Stuff and cook the mandu : 
 For best results, line 2 baking sheets with waxed paper, then dust a layer of  cornstarch  on the waxed paper to keep the mandu from sticking. 
 Set out a small dish of  water . 
 Place several dumpling wrappers on a cutting board. 
 Fill each with about 1 teaspoon of filling. 
 Dip your finger in the  water  and run it over the edge of the dumpling skin. 
 Fold the top over and press to seal, removing as much air as possible. 
 Set the mandu on the prepared baking sheets while you stuff the remaining dumpling skins. 
 Note: Koreans traditionally curve the mandu into a ring shape, so the ends meet and are sealed with  water . This type of shape is ideal for soups, but for fried mandu, some prefer the flatter, half-moon shapes as described above. If you have one of the potsticker gadgets that folds and seals the dumplings in one motion, you'll find the process goes much quicker. You can also freeze the stuffed mandu on a cornstarch-dusted baking sheet to keep them from sticking together, then transfer to an air-tight container and freeze until ready to use. 
 Heat a skillet with just enough  vegetable oil  to coat the bottom surface. (To speed up the cooking process, use two skillets.) 
 When the  oil  is very hot, gently place a layer of stuffed mandu in the skillet, being careful not to overlap them. 
 When the mandu are golden brown on the bottom, flip them over. 
 Quickly add 2 tablespoons  water  to the pan, cover and steam the mandu until cooked through, about 2 minutes. 
 Uncover the pan and place the mandu on a serving dish (you can keep them warm in a low oven while you cook the remaining mandu). 
 Serve the mandu with dipping sauce. 
 Dipping sauce - (Chojang) : 
 Combine all ingredients. 
 Serve the dipping sauce in one communal bowl, or set out one small bowl and plate per person. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/6d/Golden_Dumplings_-_Mandu.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004505']
Categories: North Korean Meat Dishes, North Korean Appetizers, North Korean Snacks, Dumpling Recipes, Kimchi Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Ground turkey Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Add category