Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Napa_Cabbage_Kim_Chee


 
 Description : 
 kim chee  is a pickled salad/condiment type food served at virtually every Korean meal. It is often compared to saurkraut. It can be made not only with  nappa cabbage , but with types of radishes, greens, or  cucumbers . It is salty, (spicy) hot, temperately cold, garlicky and tangy.
 
       Kim Chee (Made with Napa Cabbage)     
 Ingredients : 
 ½ - 1 cup  pickling salt 
 1 head  nappa cabbage 
 1  daikon  radish (one third to one half the size of the  cabbage ) 
 1 head of  garlic , minced 
 1 - 2 tbsp  ginger , minced 
 2 - 8 tbsp Korean  red pepper flakes , or fresh hot red pepper to taste,or a combination. 
 2 ea  green onions , julienned 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 Equipment : 
 A new pair of latex gloves are handy for handling  hot pepper  mixture. 
 A large bowl for soaking the  cabbage  in brine solution. 
 Large glass containers to put the finished  kim chee  into. 
 Especially handy for large batches is a food processor and/or a contraption for shredding vegetables into julienne strips. 
 Directions : 
 First, the  cabbage  must be salted in brine solution. Cut the  cabbage  in half lengthwise. Then cut a second time lengthwise to form quarter  cabbage  chunks. 
 Mix the  salt  with enough  water  to cover all the  cabbage  in a large bowl. 
 Soak the  cabbage  in the brine solution, making sure that all parts are submerged. If they are not, you can restack the  cabbage  half way through the soaking process, moving bottom chunks to the top, and vice versa. 
 Leave the  cabbage  for 2-4 hours. At the end of this time, the  cabbage  should be wilted, supple, limp and salty in taste. (optional: A trick from my grandmother is to lightly  salt  each stalk of each leaf which is much thicker than the leafy part in order that the leafy part and stalk are evenly seasoned. So to do this you must rub  pickling salt  sparsely on each of the stalks. This is done midway through the soaking when the leaves are manageable wilted. ) 
 Reserve some of the brine solution. Rinse the  cabbage  and then cut into bite size pieces about an inch and a half long and drain the  cabbage . Discard the centre core. 
 In the mean time, prepare the  daikon  raddish and the  pepper  sauce/paste. 
 The  daikon  must either be shredded into julienne strips. Add to the  daikon :  red pepper flakes , red pepper, minced  garlic , minced  ginger , julienned  green onion ,  salt  to taste (1 Tbsp) and  Sugar , then toss. If you are using your hands, beware of the the  hot pepper . This is where gloves come in handy. 
 Finally, thoroughly mix the  pepper  mixture with the  cabbage  by tossing. Then check for  salt  and red pepper and seasoning in general and adjust if necessary. Then pack into glass jars. The mixture should have a liquid sauce in the jar and more will form as it sits. 
 It is important that the mixture is in a sauce. Should you need to add more liquid, take some reserved brine and rinse the final mixing bowl and add to bottles so that all the  cabbage  pieces are just submerged in liquid. You can keep a bottle outside for a day to help it ripen more quickly, otherwise store in the refrigerator, tightly capped. 
 The taste changes as it ripens. It is initially like a salad and then ferments to taste more sour.  kim chee  compliments meals served with  rice . It is a Korean staple. It is also good fried with  butter  or  sesame oil , or stir fried with  Pork  and  tofu . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7f/Cabbagenappa.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004128']
Categories: Korean Salads, Daikon Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Kimchi Recipes, Add category