Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bracoila

My Grandmother made a similar item for special occasions but this recipe comes from WP Manual. Everyone loved this and really looked 
forward to her making this special dinner.
 
 Contributed by  PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 Serves 4 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb  round steak  sliced ¼ inch thick 
 salt  /  pepper 
 fresh  thyme 
 8 slices of  prosciutto  thin sliced or a we used  capicola  (cheaper) 
 8 slices of  provolone  cheese (get the good stuff you only use a little) 
 2 large hard cooked  eggs  sliced thin 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 tbsp fresh  parsley , chopped 
 1 medium  bell pepper  julienned 
 1 pinch  garlic powder 
 3 cloves of  garlic  minced 
 1 cup  water 
 ½ cup dry  red wine 
 1 can diced  tomatoes  in juice (28 oz) 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 tsp fresh  basil  chopped 
 1 small can  tomato paste 
 cooked  ziti  (enough for 4 people) - prepare this while the braciola cooks 
 Directions : 
 Cut beef steak into 8 small serving pieces. 
 Place on cutting board and sprinkle with salt, pepper and thyme. 
 Cover meat with plastic wrap and pound it with a meat mallet or bottom heavy pan to make thin tender pieces. 
 Top each piece of steak with first slice of ham, then cheese then a couple of egg slices and sprinkle with parsley (my grandmother often left out the egg) roll the meat up lengthwise and secure with toothpicks. 
 Add oil to pressure cooker and brown meat on all sides. 
 Then add mince garlic and cook for just about 30 seconds just to slightly brown the garlic. 
 Then add the remaining ingredients except for the pasta. 
 Set to high pressure and cook for about 25 minutes. 
 When time is up do a quick release. 
 Remove the rolls and remove the picks and serve the braciola over the cooked ziti along with the delish sauce and sprinkle with your favorite cheese — Parmesan or romano. 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Prosciutto Recipes, Provolone Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Ziti Recipes, Add category