Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Catfish_with_Apple-Fennel_Salad_and_Pickled_Pearl_Onions

Description : 
 A  catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets 
 olive oil 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper  to taste 
 Pickled pearl onions : 
 1 cup  water 
 ½ cup  rice vinegar 
 ⅓ cup plus 2 tablespoons  sugar 
 2 tablespoons  kosher salt 
 1 whole  garlic  clove 
 1 teaspoon  mustard seed 
 1 teaspoon  black peppercorns 
 1 teaspoon chopped  fresh ginger 
 ½  jalapeño pepper , seeded and chopped 
 1 tablespoon  grapeseed oil   or   canola oil 
 1 cup white  pearl onions , peeled and cut in half 
 Apple-fennel salad : 
 ½ cup diced  Red Delicious apples 
 ½ cup diced  Granny Smith apples 
 ½ cup diced  fennel  bulb 
 ½ cup  mandarin orange  sections, cut in half 
 ½ cup  golden raisins 
 8 teaspoons chopped  fennel  fronds (tops of the  fennel ) 
 Directions : 
 Pickled pearl onions : 
 Mix  water ,  vinegar ,  sugar ,  salt ,  garlic ,  mustard seed , peppercorns,  ginger  and jalapeño  pepper  in a medium saucepan. 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally until it comes to a simmer and  salt  and  sugar  are dissolved. Cool. 
 Heat grape seed or  canola oil  in a small sauté pan over medium-high heat. 
 Add  onions  and sauté until lightly caramelized. 
 Add  onions  to the saucepan with the  vinegar  mixture. 
 Let stand for 1 hour to pickle. 
 Strain the  onions  from the pickling juice and place pickling juice in a small saucepan. 
 Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until reduced to ½ cup. 
 Remove from the heat and set aside. 
 Apple-fennel salad : 
 Toss diced  apples ,  fennel  bulb,  orange  sections and  raisins  in a small bowl. 
 Add 6 tablespoons of the reduced pickling juice and 6 teaspoons of the  fennel  fronds and stir until combined; set aside. 
 Catfish : 
 Prepare a grill or preheat the broiler. 
 Rub  catfish  fillets with  olive oil  and season both sides with  salt  and  pepper . 
 oil  a grill rack or broiler pan rack. 
 Grill or broil fillets about 4 inches from the heat source for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until flakes easily when tested with a fork. 
 Place a small mound of apple- fennel  salad on each serving plate. 
 Arrange pickled  pearl onions  on plates and top with grilled  catfish . 
 Spoon remaining 2 tablespoons pickling juice around plates and sprinkle with remaining 2 teaspoons  fennel  fronds. 
 Drizzle a little  olive oil  over the plates and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Fish Recipes, Catfish Salads, Red Delicious apple Recipes, Granny Smith apple Recipes, Mandarin orange Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Add category