Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_with_Broccoli_Stir-fry


 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ pound lean  beef 
 Marinade : 
 1 tablespoon  rice vinegar  (substitute  rice wine  if desired) 
 1 teaspoon  sugar 
 1 teaspoon  soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon  water 
 1 tablespoon  cornstarch 
 Sauce : 
 2 tablespoons  oyster sauce 
 1 tablespoon  light soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon  dark soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon  water 
 Thickener : 
 1 teaspoon  cornstarch  mixed with 1 tablespoon  water 
 1 pound fresh  broccoli 
 2  garlic  cloves 
 To cook broccoli : 
 ½ cup  water 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt , or to taste 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar , or to taste 
 Other : 
 1¼ cups  oil , or as needed 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Cut the  beef  across the  grain  into thin slices. 
 Add the marinade ingredients, adding the  cornstarch  last (use your fingers to rub it in). 
 Marinate the  beef  for 30 minutes. 
 While the  beef  is marinating, prepare the sauce and vegetables: for the sauce, mix together the oyster sauce, light soy, dark soy, and  water  in a small bowl and set aside. 
 In another small bowl, mix the  cornstarch  and  water  thickener and set aside. 
 Wash and drain the  broccoli . 
 Cut the stalk diagonally into thin slices. 
 Cut the flowerets into 3 or 4 pieces. 
 Crush the  garlic . 
 Heat the wok and add 1 cup  oil . 
 When the  oil  is medium-hot (between 300 and 325 °F, add the  beef . 
 Blanch the  beef  by letting it lay flat for 30 – 40 seconds, and then stirring to separate the pieces. 
 Remove the  beef  when it changes color and is nearly cooked (the entire process takes 1 – 2 minutes). 
 Remove the  beef  from the wok and drain on paper towels. 
 Clean out the wok with paper towels. 
 Add 2 tablespoons  oil  to the wok. 
 When the  oil  is hot, add the crushed  garlic  and stir fry briefly until aromatic. 
 Add the  broccoli , sprinkle the  salt  and  sugar  over, and stir fry briefly, turning down the heat if necessary to make sure it doesn't burn. 
 Add the ½ cup  water , and cook the  broccoli , covered, for 4 – 5 minutes, until it turns a bright green and is tender but still crisp. 
 Remove from the wok and drain. 
 Clean out the wok and add 2 more tablespoons  oil . 
 Add the vegetables and the  beef . 
 Add the sauce and  cornstarch  mixture in the middle of the wok and stir quickly to thicken. 
 Mix everything together and serve hot over steamed  rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Meat Dishes, Broccoli Recipes, Beef Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category