Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/White_Christmas_Fruitcake_with_Orange-Bourbon_Glaze

Description : 
 This makes 2 of the best (8x4-inch) loaf fruitcakes you will ever have. You can wrap tightly and store them for up to 3 weeks in advance if desired, or you can freeze them after the 2-day glazing period. Plan ahead the fruitcakes must be baked, wrapped tightly and stored for 2 days, then brushed with glaze within the 2-day storing period. 
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 2 days prep 
 Makes 2 (8x4-inch) loaf cakes 
 Ingredients : 
 Orange-Bourbon glaze : 
 ¼ cup fresh  orange juice 
 2 tablespoons fresh  orange juice 
 3 tablespoons  white sugar 
 3 tablespoons  Jack Daniel's   whiskey  (or use another brand  whiskey ) 
 Fruitcake : 
 1¼ cups  golden raisins 
 1¼ cups dark  raisins 
 1¼ cups canned  pineapple  tidbits, well drained 
 ¼ cup  currants 
 ¼ cup fresh  orange juice 
 1 cup  butter , softened 
 1 cup  white sugar 
 5 large  eggs 
 2½ cups  all purpose flour 
 1¼ teaspoons  baking powder 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 3 teaspoons grated  orange zest 
 1 teaspoon  lemon extract   or  3 teaspoons grated  lemon zest 
 ½ cup  candied green cherries , well packed (sliced in half or chopped) 
 ½ cup  candied red cherries , well packed (sliced in half or chopped) 
 Directions : 
 Orange-Bourbon glaze : 
 (Do this firstly) in a small saucepan over medium heat cook the orange juice with sugar until the sugar is completely dissolved (about 2 minutes). 
 Remove from heat and stir in the bourbon until combined; set aside to brush on fruitcakes. 
 Fruitcake : 
 Butter two (8 x 4-inch) loaf pans. 
 In a medium bowl combine both raisins, pineapple tidbits, currants and orange juice; let stand for 35 minutes at room temperature. 
 In a large bowl beat butter until creamy (about 2 minutes). 
 Add in sugar and beat for about 6 minutes (there should be no sugar granules remaining at all). 
 Add in eggs and beat just until no yellow remains in the bowl. 
 In a bowl combine flour, baking powder and salt; remove ½ cup of the flour mixture to a bowl; set aside. 
 Add in the flour mixture (not the ½-cup) to the butter mixture beating on low speed just until completely blended. 
 Add in the orange zest and lemon extract (or lemon zest if using) beat until combined. 
 Drain the raisin mixture and return back to their bowl; stir in the cherries and mix to combine. 
 Toss the cherry/raisin mixture with the reserved ½ cup flour mixture, then using a spatula fold the mixture into the batter until combined. 
 Divide the batter evenly between the two pans. 
 Bake (second-lowest oven rack) at 325°F for about 1 hour or until the cakes test done. 
 Brush the warm cakes liberally with some of the orange bourbon glaze until dissolved in the cakes. 
 Cool for about 10 minutes in pans, then invert onto wire racks to cool completely. 
 Glaze liberally again with the bourbon glaze, then wrap tightly and store in the refrigerator for 2 days before serving, brushing with remaining glaze over the 2-day period (you might not use the complete amount of glaze, you can drizzle the remainder on the cake slices when serving!). 
 Serve or freeze until ready to use. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bourbon Recipes, Sour-mash whiskey Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Christmas fruitcake Recipes, Currant Recipes, Egg Recipes, Glace cherry Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Lemon extract Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category