Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hamburgers_with_Variations

Description : 
 The secret of first-rate hamburgers is to use medium-lean meat. Chuck is about the best, or grind your own from the skirt, particularly if you have a food processor, which does a good job. The more you handle or grind hamburger the more compact and dry it becomes. Divide and shape the patties as lightly as possible and don't press down on them when cooking or you'll squeeze all the juice out.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Source: The Fannie Farmer Cookbook by Marion Cunningham 
 Typed by Susan Godfrey alexanderjamesmom@gmail.com 
 Serves 4 
 Ingredients : 
 salt 
 freshly ground  pepper 
 1-½ labs medium-lean  ground beef 
 1 tbsp  butter 
 1 tbsp  cooking oil 
 Directions : 
 Salt and pepper the meat and xi, with a light hand. 
 Shape into four patties about ½ inch thick. 
 Melt the butter and oil in a skillet until bubbling, then add the hamburgers. 
 Fry 2-3 minutes on each side for rare; 4 – 5 minutes each side for medium; 6 minutes each side for well done. 
 Pour pan drippings over and serve. 
 Variations : 
 Broiled Hamburgers  – Put the patties on a lightly oiled broiler rack and place 4 inches below a preheated broiler. Broil 4 – 5 minutes on each side for medium-rare; 5 – 6 for well done. 
 Hamburgers with Red Wine Sauce  – After removing the hamburgers from the pan sauté 2 Tbsp minced  shallots  or  scallions  for 1 minute, then add ⅓ cup  red wine . Cook down rapidly to half, swirl in 2 Tbsp  butter , and pour over the hamburgers. 
 Hamburger Stroganoff  – Keep the cooked hamburgers warm while you prepare the stroganoff sauce: melt 2 Tbsp butter in the same skillet, add 1 onion, finely chopped, and sauté until translucent. Add ½ pound sliced  mushrooms  and cook 5 minutes, then stir in ½ cup  sour cream . When warm through, return the hamburgers to the skillet and spoon sauce over them to heat. Serve dusted with paprika. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Burger Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Add category