Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Holiday_Stuffing

Christmas/Thanksgiving Stuffing
 Holiday stuffing with fruit And nuts -- this is an elaborate version of the type of Poultry Stuffing made in Greece. People there have never heard of  bread  stuffings, and, once you taste this recipe, you'll never want to hear about  bread  stuffings either! I got the recipe from my mother, who got it from a friend, who got it from her sister-in-Law, who...
 
 Difficulty: Easy to Moderate. 
 Time: 1 Hour Preparation, 1-2 Hours Cooking. 
 Precision: no Need to Measure. 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 2   Directions 
 3   Notes: 
 4   contributed by : 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 lb  Beef , Ground 
 2 T  butter 
 1 t salt 
 1/2 c  white rice , Raw 
 1 Poultry Liver -(from The Bird You Are Going to Stuff) 
 1/2 c  pine nuts 
 1/2 c  almonds  (blanched), -Whole 
 10  prunes , Pitted 
 1/2 c  Raisins 
 10-15  chestnuts 
 Directions : 
 Cook the chestnuts: Cut a groove on each chestnut And roast them on the stove (if you've got an electric stove, placing the chestnuts on the burner will do the trick, although you'll have to do some cleaning afterwards.) When they're done, peel them. Watch your hands. 
 Brown the  beef  with half of the  butter . Add the  rice ,  salt  and a little  water , and let it cook on low heat, until the  water  is absorbed. 
 Boil the liver, mince it and add it into the  rice  and meat. 
 Add the  almonds ,  prunes ,  raisins ,  chestnuts  (cut in chunks) and  pine nuts . Add a small amount of water and let everything simmer until the  water  is absorbed. 
 The stuffing is ready to use. Add the remaining  butter  and bake it. I usually wrap the stuffing in aluminum foil, put it in a separate pan And bake it along with the chicken. When the chicken is ready, the stuffing is ready too! 
 
 
 Notes: : 
 Yield: Stuffs 5-6 lb Poultry. 
 if The  chestnut -Roasting Procedure is to Messy ForYou, Then Just Boil Them. 
 The Amounts in The Ingredients List Are There ForCompleteness'  sake . You Should Really Interpret ThemAs a Few, a Handful or One Small Package. The Only Thing You Have to Bear in Mind is That Putting More Prunes Will Make The Stuffing Sourer, And Putting More Raisins Will Make it Sweeter. 
 The Original Recipe Suggested Using Unpitted  prunes . i Believe That Using Pitted  prunes  is Safer For The Teeth! 
 
 Enjoy.
 
 contributed by : : 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Beef Recipes, Chestnut Recipes, Christmas dressings, stuffings, sauces and gravies, Christmas Side Dishes, Pine nut Recipes, Prune Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Rice Recipes, Stuffing Recipes, Add category