Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Al-Motubug

Description : 
 Stuffed pastry squares
 
 Serves 10 – 12 
 Ingredients : 
 6 cups  flour 
 2  eggs  beaten with ½ cup  corn oil 
 2 bundles  leeks  (medium sized) 
 1 teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 1½ lbs  ground beef 
 water 
 3  eggs  (beaten) 
 salt 
 3  onions  (finely chopped) 
 Directions : 
 Sift  flour , add the  water  and  salt  a little at a time, mixing dough until it becomes soft but pliable. 
 Divide the dough into ten pieces, knead each piece well. 
 Place on a tray sprinkled with a little  water  and let rise for at least one hour. 
 Put ground  beef  in a saucepan with chopped  onion ,  black pepper  and  salt . 
 Stir over medium heat until cooked. 
 Set aside until cool. 
 Chop  leeks  and wash several times through a strainer; drain and put on a paper towel until excess  water  is absorbed. 
 Add to ground  beef . 
 Take a piece of dough and cover in  flour , roll out, place over back of hands and stretch until dough becomes quite thin. 
 Place dough on worktop and trim uneven edges. 
 Brush two tablespoons of  egg  and  oil  mixture over dough surface. 
 Fold to form smaller squares. 
 Place in frying pan or griddle over medium heat with one tablespoon of  oil . 
 Place pastry squares in pan and fry on both sides until golden brown. 
 Repeat above method using five of the remaining pieces. 
 With piece number six repeat as above to the folding stage. 
 Place one fried pastry square in the center of the unfolded piece, cover generously with ground  beef  and three tablespoons of beaten  egg . 
 Fold into a square. 
 Remember to sprinkle  oil  and  egg  mixture between layers. 
 Fry in 3 tablespoons of  oil  over medium heat until both sides are golden brown. 
 Repeat using remaining four pieces of dough. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Meat Dishes, Arabian Appetizers, Savory pastry Recipes, Egg Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Leek Recipes, Onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category