Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ground_Meat_Eggrolls

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 12 appetizer servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 Sauce : 
 2 tablespoons  water 
 1 tablespoon dry  sherry 
 1 tablespoon  soy sauce 
 ½ teaspoon  cornstarch 
 ⅛ teaspoon  ground red pepper 
 ⅛ teaspoon  black pepper 
 Eggrolls : 
 1 tablespoon  cooking oil 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 teaspoons grated fresh  ginger 
 2 cups finely chopped  Chinese cabbage  or  cabbage 
 4  green onions , thinly sliced (½ cup) 
 8 ounces lean  ground beef  or  pork 
 1 x 4-ounce can  mushroom  stems and pieces, drained and finely chopped 
 cooking  oil  or  shortening  for deep-fat frying 
 12  egg roll wrappers  or 72  wonton wrappers 
 Directions : 
 Sauce : 
 Stir together the water, sherry, soy sauce, cornstarch, red pepper, and black pepper. 
 Set aside. 
 Eggrolls : 
 Pour the 1 tablespoon oil into a large skillet (add more oil as necessary during cooking) 
 Preheat over medium-high heat. 
 Stir-fry garlic and ginger in hot oil for 15 seconds. 
 Add regular cabbage (if using) and green onions. 
 Stir-fry for 1½ to 2½ minutes or until crisp-tender. 
 Remove vegetables. 
 Add the ground beef or pork; stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until no pink remains. 
 Drain off fat. 
 Push meat from the center of the skillet. 
 Stir sauce. 
 Add sauce to the center of the skillet. 
 Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. 
 Add cooked vegetables, mushrooms, and, if using, Chinese cabbage. 
 Stir all ingredients together to coat with sauce. 
 Cook and stir about 1 minute more or until heated through. 
 Remove from skillet; cool. 
 In a wok or 3-quart saucepan heat 1½ to 2 inches of cooking oil or shortening to 365°F. 
 Meanwhile, place the wonton wrapper with a point toward you. 
 Spoon 2 teaspoons filling just below the center. 
 Fold the bottom point over the filling. 
 Then tuck it under the filling. 
 Roll the wonton wrapper once to cover the filling, leaving about 1 inch unrolled at the top of the wrapper. 
 Moisten the right hand corner of the wrapper with a little water. 
 Grasp the right and left-hand corners of the wrapper. 
 Bring these corners toward you, below the filling. 
 Overlap the left-hand and right-hand corners. 
 Press the corners together securely to seal. 
 Fry egg rolls or wontons, a few at a time, in hot oil for 1 to 2½ minutes or until golden brown, turning once. 
 Remove from oil. 
 Drain on a wok rack or on paper towels. 
 Keep warm in a 300°F oven while frying remaining food. 
 Serve warm with sweet-and-sour dipping sauce, chili dipping sauce, or  Chinese Mustard Sauce . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Wonton noodle Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Bok choy Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Add category