Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Quesarito

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   For the meat base 
 2.2   Cilantro-lime Rice 
 2.3   Chipotle Sauce 
 2.4   Other 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 4   Videos 
 
 
 Description : 
 A red-hot, rich combination of quesadilla and burrito is a remarkable, cheesy dish made as an appetizer and is cooked to an incredible aroma. Heavy cream, leftover cooked beef, fresh chili peppers, and hot sauce work for this, too.
 
         
 Ingredients : 
 For the meat base : 
 1 ¾ lb. lean ground chuck of beef 
 1 ½ tablespoons masa corn flour 
 4 ½ teaspoons chili powder 
 ½ teaspoon onion powder 
 ½ teaspoon garlic powder 
 ½ teaspoon seasoning salt 
 ½ teaspoon paprika 
 ¼ teaspoon cumin 
 ½ teaspoon garlic salt 
 ¼ teaspoon sugar 
 1 teaspoon instant minced onion 
 ½ teaspoon beef bouillon 
 Cilantro-lime Rice : 
 ½ tablespoon butter 
 1 cup long-grain white rice 
 2 cups chicken broth 
 ¾ teaspoon salt 
 ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper 
 juice and zest of 1 lime 
 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro 
 ¼ teaspoon cumin 
 Chipotle Sauce : 
 ¼ cup mayonnaise  or  (1 cup all-purpose cream) 
 2 teaspoons minced jalapeños (from the jar)  or  (3 chili peppers, chopped, red only) 
 2 teaspoons jalapeño juice from the jar  or  (2 ½ tablespoons hot sauce) 
 ¾ teaspoon sugar, brown or white only 
 ½ teaspoon paprika 
 ½ teaspoon cumin 
 ⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper 
 ⅛ teaspoon garlic powder 
 1 pinch of salt 
 Other : 
 8 burrito-sized flour tortillas 
 2 cups shredded cheese, mixed (such as Parmesan, Colby, Cheddar, Mozzarella, and Monterey) 
 sour cream 
 cooking spray 
 Directions : 
 In a small bowl, combine mayonnaise (or all-purpose cream), minced jalapeños (or chopped red chili peppers), jalapeño juice (or hot sauce), ¾ teaspoon sugar, ½ teaspoon paprika, ½ teaspoon cumin, ⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper, ⅛ teaspoon garlic powder and a pinch of salt. Mix until well combined and set aside. 
 In a separate bowl, combine masa corn flour, chili powder, onion powder, ½ teaspoon garlic powder, seasoning salt, ½ teaspoon paprika, ¼ teaspoon cumin, garlic salt, ¼ teaspoon sugar, minced onion, and beef bouillon. Mix well and set aside. 
 Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Crumble the ground chuck into the skillet and cook while breaking the meat up into chunks with a spatula until browned. 
 Drain off any excess grease. Add ¾-1 cup of water and the taco seasoning to the ground beef. Mix well and simmer on medium-low heat for 20 minutes. 
 Simmer until almost all of the moisture has cooked away. 
 Melt the butter in a medium saucepan. Add the rice and cook while stirring for 1-2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, salt, pepper, zest and lime juice, cilantro and ¼ teaspoon cumin. 
 Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and cook for about 15-16 minutes. Remove from heat and allow the rice to sit covered for an additional 10 minutes. 
 Lay out a sheet of paper towel onto a microwave safe plate. Add one tortilla on top of the paper towel.   
 Add a thin layer of cheese on top of the tortillas. Place another tortilla on top of the cheese.  
 Place a damp paper towel on top.  
 Place into the microwave and cook for 30 seconds to 1 minute or until the cheese has melted. In the center of the prepared quesadilla, add some of the ground beef, top with some of the cilantro-lime rice.  
 Add a little bit of the chipotle sauce and sour cream.  
 Roll up the burritos by folding the corners towards the center and then grabbing the bottom and rolling up. Repeat this process with the remaining tortillas and cheese. 
 To cook them in the pan, spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat the skillet to medium-high heat. 
 Place the wraps into the skillet seam-side down and cook until golden brown and crisp on the bottom; turn over and cook until golden brown on the other side (about 2-3 minutes per side). Serve hot and plain then pair this quesarito with other side dishes or appetizers, if desired. 
 Videos : 
                 How to make quesarito     
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fa/Quesarito.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20170406053915', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/82/How_to_make_quesarito/revision/latest?cb=20171107074829']
Categories: Mexican Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Beef Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Meat Recipes, Appetizer Recipes, Side Dish Recipes, Rice Recipes, World Recipes, Side Dish Meat Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Mexican Appetizers, North American Recipes, North American Appetizers, North American Meat Dishes, Mexican Meat Dishes, Lime Recipes, Cumin Recipes, Herb and spice mix Recipes, Semi-firm cheese Recipes, Firm cheese Recipes, Add category