Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chirashi_Sushi

Description : 
 This is my favourite type of sushi. And for this occasion I have a photo guide for you.
 Japanese dining is a ritual. Everything is important. From the guest seating order, to the table manners. From the order of the servings, to the color of food.
 Making a perfectly shaped or rolled sushi can be really difficult and intimidating. Especially when you know that It can take time and guests are hungry.
 There is no fixed recipe and you don't need to use raw fish either if you don't like, but you can add any ingredient you prefer. It is perfect as an appetizer or main course served at room temperature.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 Hoshi-shiitake (dry  shiitake mushrooms ) 
 pinch of  sugar 
 3 gou (approximately 2 cups or 170 gr)  Japanese rice 
 2 tablespoons  sake 
 1 square (approximately 4 x 4 inch or 10 x 10 cm)  konbu  (dry  kelp ) 
 1 age (fried  tofu  pouches -  tofu  skin) 
 half bag (about ¼ oz or 6 - 7 gr)  kampyo  (gourd strips) 
 pinch of  salt 
 1 small  carrot , peeled 
 1 Yude- takenoko  (bamboo shoot) 
 2 oz (60 gr) kinusaya (China  peas ) 
 1 + 2 tablespoons  rice vinegar 
 1  renkon  ( lotus root ) 
 3  eggs 
 ½ tablespoon vegetable  oil 
 1 tablespoon  Sugar 
 2 tablespoons  sake 
 2 tablespoons  mirin  ( sweet sake , used only for cooking) 
 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 4 tablespoons  rice vinegar 
 12 oz (350 gr) raw  shrimps 
 5 tablespoons  sake 
 2½ tablespoons  mirin 
 pinch of  salt 
 3  anago  (Char-broiled  eel ) 
 6 tablespoons ikura ( salmon roe ) 
 a small bunch of kizammi  nori  (shredded seaweed) 
 Directions : 
 
 
 1. Place the shiitake  Mushrooms  in a small bowl. Cover with fresh  water . Use warm  water  and add a pinch of  Sugar  for faster softer soaking.   2. Wash the  rice  gently stirring with hands and dispose of the  water . Repeat this step at least 3 - 4 times, until the  water  is clean. Drain and transfer to the  steamer  bowl. 3. Add  water  up to a little below the 3 mark (3 gou). Add 2 tablespoons  sake . Add  konbu . Place the bowl in the  steamer  but let the  rice  rest for about 30 minutes before turning the switch on. Steam for about 30 minutes. When the  rice  is done wait about 10 minutes before opening the  steamer . 4. Wash the age' with hot boiling  water  to remove excess  oil . Wash the kampyou lightly and discard the  water . 5. Fill a small saucepan with  water  and let the kampyou soak for a while. Bring to a boil and cook for about 10 minutes or until soft. Remove the  kampyo  from the  water  and reserve the  water . 6. Cut the  carrot  in a fine julienne. 7. Cut the Yude- takenoko  in a fine julienne. 8. Drain the shiitake  Mushrooms  and reserve the  water . Squeeze the  Mushrooms  to remove most of the  water . Cut the  Mushrooms  in fine strips. 9. Remove the tip and string from the  Peas . Place the  Peas  in boiling salted  water  and blanch for about 30 seconds. Drain in a colander. 10. Cut the  Peas  in small strips. 11. Place 1 tablespoon  rice vinegar  in about 2 - 3 cups  water . Peel the renkon cut in half lengthwise. Cut in fine slices and place immediately in the vinegar- water  to avoid discoloration. 12. Put  water  and 2 tablespoons of  rice vinegar  in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add renkon and boil for about 10 minutes or until the surface becomes transparent. While the renkon is cooking, place in a bowl 3 tablespoons  vinegar , 1 tablespoon  Sugar , pinch of  salt . Mix vigorously. Taste and add a little  water  if too sour. Drain the renkon and add it to the  vinegar  mix while still hot. Leave it to soak stirring occasionally.
 13. To prepare Kinshi Tamago (shredded  egg  crepes), place the  eggs  in a small bowl with a pinch of  salt  and whisk vigorously. 14. Place 1/2 tablespoon vegetable  oil  in a 6” crepes skillet. Wipe off the excess  oil  leaving the skillet greased. Place the skillet on medium heat. When the skillet is hot transfer a small quantity of  egg  to make very thin crepes. Tilt the skillet around to distribute the  egg  uniformly. Turn the crepe over to cook the top surface. When the crepe is done, transfer to a board. Repeat this step until all the  egg  is used to make about 5 - 6 crepes. Pile them one on top of the other. Cut the crepes in large strips and pile them one on top of the other. Cut the  egg  crepes to a very fine julienne. 15. Place in a bowl 5 tablespoons of  sake , 2 1/2 tablespoons  mirin , pinch of  salt , and bring to a boil. Add shrimps. Remove from heat as soon as shrimps change to red color. 16. Grill the  anago  shortly. 17. Transfer to a cutting board and chop the  anago . 18. Remove  kombu  from the  rice  and transfer to a bowl. Add the  vinegar  mix to the  rice , not stirring but mixing with a “cutting” motion, and at the same time use a fan to cool the  rice . 19. Combine the vegetable mix. 20. Shell the shrimps and slice them in half. 21. Transfer to a serving dish. 22. Top the  rice  with the slices of renkon ... 23. ... shrimps ... 24. ...  anago  ... 25. ... Kinshi-tamago ... 26. ... kinusaya ... 27. ... ikura ... 28. and kizammi  nori .  29. Chirashi sushi is ready for serving. 
 
 Return to How to make sushi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b7/ChirashiSushi29.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004439']
Categories: Articles, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Eel Recipes, Glutinous rice Recipes, Japanese Appetizers, Japanese Recipes, Kampyo Recipes, Kombu Recipes, Lotus root Recipes, Mirin Recipes, Add category