Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Baked_Alaska

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   Sponge cake base 
 1.2   Meringue 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 quart  ice cream  - softened (You can use any  ice cream  flavor. We recommend  chocolate ) 
 Sponge cake base : 
 3 large  eggs 
 ⅓ cup  sugar 
 ½ cup  flour 
 2 tsp  cornstarch 
 Meringue : 
 4  egg whites 
 ¾ cup  confectioner's sugar 
 Directions : 
 Leave the  ice cream  in room temperature for an hour to soften. 
 For the sponge base: In a small sauce pan, bring a cup of  water  to simmer over low heat. 
 Preheat oven to 425°F (or 210°C). 
 Beat the  eggs  and  Sugar  in a small steel mixing bowl over the simmering  water  (double boiler), until the temperature reaches about 110 – 120°F (or 40 – 45°C). 
 Remove from heat. 
 Continue beating until light and creamy - until it cools down again. 
 Add the  flour  and starch, then fold gently. Be careful not to overmix. 
 On a greased baking pan, line up a sheet of silicon or wax paper. 
 Spread the sponge base mixture thin over the sheet of silicon or wax paper. 
 The shape is not important as this will just be the cake base that will be hidden by the meringue. 
 A rough rectangle will be okay. 
 Bake quickly in the oven for about 4 – 5 minutes, then remove from oven and let it cool. 
 The cake should come off the paper quite easily. 
 In your choice of mold (we used an oblong-shaped mold - see picture), cover the bottom and sides with pieces of the cake. 
 Put in the softened  ice cream  to fill the mold. 
 Cover the top with cake, then freeze for about 3 hours. 
 Prepare the meringue by beating the egg whites with the confectioners  Sugar  until stiff. 
 Place in a piping bag. 
 Preheat oven to 425°F (210°C). 
 Unmold the frozen cake- ice cream  on a baking tray. 
 Pipe the meringue mixture all around to completely cover the cake- ice cream . 
 You can make shapes with the meringue. 
 When completely covered with the meringue, put it in the oven to bake for 2 – 4 minutes. 
 The meringue surface will bake very quickly, and the edges will start to brown. 
 When the edges have browned enough, remove from the oven. 
 The meringue surface will be baked, while the  ice cream  inside remains frozen. 
 Decorate with  cherries  or candies, then serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Desserts, Christmas Desserts, Cherry Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Egg Recipes, Ice cream Recipes, Ice cream cake Recipes, Meringue cake Recipes, Add category