Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Big_Mamou_on_Pasta

Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds boneless  chicken 
 Pasta : 
 6 quarts hot  water 
 3 tablespoons  salt 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 1½ pounds fresh  spaghetti  — (1 lb dry) 
 Seasoning mix : 
 2 teaspoons dried  thyme  leaves 
 ¾ teaspoon  black pepper 
 1¼ teaspoons ground  cayenne pepper 
 ½ teaspoon dried  sweet basil  leaves 
 1 teaspoon  white pepper 
 Sauce : 
 1 pound  unsalted butter  plus 
 2 tablespoons  worcestershire sauce 
 4 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 1 tablespoon  tabasco sauce  + 1 teaspoon 
 1 cup  onions  — chopped very fine 
 2 cans  tomato sauce  — (16 oz) 
 4 medium  garlic  cloves — peeled 
 2 tablespoons  sugar 
 2 teaspoons minced  garlic 
 2 cups  green onions  — chopped very fine 
 3¼ cups rich  chicken stock   [1] 
 Chicken seasoning mix : 
 1½ tablespoons  salt 
 1 teaspoon  black pepper 
 1½ teaspoons  white pepper 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  — (optional) 
 1½ teaspoons  garlic powder 
 ½ teaspoon dried  sweet basil  leaves 
 1¼ teaspoons ground  cayenne pepper 
 Directions : 
 Place in the hot  water ,  oil  and  salt  in a large pot over high heat; and cover and bring to a boil. 
 When  water  reaches a rolling boil, add small amounts of spaghetti at a time to the pot, breaking up  oil  patches as you drop the spaghetti in. 
 Return to boiling and cook to al dente stage, do not over cook (to test doneness of  spaghetti , cut a strand in half near the end of cooking time. When done, there should be only a speck of white in the center, less than one-fourth the diameter of the strand) do not overcook. 
 During this cooking time, use a wooden or  spaghetti  spoon to lift spaghetti out of the  water  by spoonfuls and shake strands back into the boiling  water  (it may be an old wives' tale, but this procedure seems to enhance the spaghetti's texture). 
 Then immediately drain  spaghetti  into a colander;stop cooking process by running cold  water  over strands (if you used dry spaghetti, first rinse with hot  water  to wash off starch) 
 After the pasta has cooled thoroughly, about 2 to 3 minutes, pour liberal amount of vegetable  oil  in your hands and toss  spaghetti . 
 Set aside still in the colander. 
 Meanwhile, thoroughly combine the seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl and set aside. 
 In a 4-quart saucepan, combine 1½ sticks of the butter, the  onions  and  garlic  cloves; sauté over medium heat 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Add the minced  garlic  and seasoning mix; continue cooking over medium heat until  onions  are dark brown, but not burned, about 8 to 10 minutes, stirring often. 
 Add 2½ cups of the stock, the Worcestershire and  Tabasco ; bring to a fast simmer and cook about 8 minutes,stirring often. 
 Stir in the  tomato  sauce and bring mixture to a boil. 
 Then stir in the  sugar  and 1 cup of the  green onions ; gently simmer uncovered about 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Heat the serving plates in a 250°F oven. 
 Combine the ingredients of the  chicken  seasoning mix in a small bowl;mix well. 
 Sprinkle over the  chicken , rubbing it in with your hands. 
 In a large skillet melt 1½ sticks of the  butter  over medium heat. 
 Add the remaining 1 cup  green onions  and sauté over high heat about 3 minutes. 
 Add the  chicken  and continue cooking 10 minutes, stirring frequently. 
 When the tomato sauce has simmered about 40 minutes, stir in the  chicken  mixture and heat through. 
 To finish the dish, for each serving melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. 
 Add one-sixth of the cooked  spaghetti  (a bit less than a 2 cup measure); heat  spaghetti  1 minute, stirring constantly. 
 Add 1¼ cups  chicken  and sauce and 2 tablespoons of remaining stock; heat thoroughly, stirring frequently. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Roll spaghetti on a large fork and lift onto a heated serving plate. 
 Repeat process for remaining servings. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   To make a rich  chicken stock  strain the basic stock, then continue simmering it until evaporation reduces the liquid by half. For example, if the recipe calls for 1 cup rich stock, start it with at least 2 cups of strained basic stock. Dark meat, cut into ½-inch cubes. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Spaghetti Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category