Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chinese_Flower_Roll_Recipe


 
 Description : 
 Yields: About 12 Rolls
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 teaspoons  active dry yeast 
1 1/2 cups lukewarm  water 
1 tablespoon  granulated sugar 
3 1/2 cups  all-purpose flour 
2 teaspoons  baking powder 
2 teaspoons  water 
4 tablespoons  sesame oil , or as needed 
1 teaspoon  salt 
Scallions (spring or  green onions ), finely chopped, as desired
 
 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Place the  yeast  in a bowl and pour the warm  water  over. Stir in the  Sugar  to dissolve. Let stand for 15 minutes.
 Sift the  flour  into a bowl. Add the  yeast  and  water  mixture and begin 
stirring immediately. Keep stirring until you have a dough that holds together and doesn't stick to the sides of the bowl. Adjust the amount of  water , adding more or less as is needed.
 Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead until it is smooth and elastic (about 10 minutes). Add more  flour  or  water  if needed. 
 Cover and let rest for 1 1/2 hours. Punch the dough down again, and let it rest for 1 - 1 1/2 more hours, until it's size has doubled.
 Dissolve the  baking powder  in 2 teaspoons  water . Knead into the dough 
vigorously for a few minutes, until it is elastic again. Begin preparing the flower rolls.
 To make the rolls, roll out the dough into a large rectangle, Rub the 
 sesame oil  over. Sprinkle evenly with the  salt  and chopped  green onions .
 Roll up the dough as if you were rolling up a sleeping bag. Cut into 2-inch pieces, Take each piece and, with the cut sides facing outward, use chopsticks or something similar to press down lengthwise in the middle. 
 Press down firmly enough so that the layers on each side spread outward, but not enough to cut right through the dough. The layers will push out to the sides, so that you have 2 ovals that are joined in the middle.
 Pick up the dough by its rounded ends, and pull until they meet underneath the roll. Pinch the ends together underneath the roll. This causes the flower to become rounder in shape. Let the rolls sit for 10 minutes, and then steam for 20 minutes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Recipes, American Chinese Appetizers, Sesame oil Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category