Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Horhog

Ingredients : 
 1 half medium  sheep 
 water 
 potatoes  (optional) 
 carrots  (optional) 
 yellow  turnips  (optional) 
 3  bell pepper  (optional) 
 garlic sprouts  (optional) 
 Seasonings : 
 salt 
 pepper  (optional) 
 onion  (optional) 
 garlic  (optional) 
 spices (optional) 
 Directions : 
 First heat stones on firewood on open fire. 
 It is important to select the right stones, as not all stones are good for cooking horhog. 
 Stones must be river stones that are smoothly shaped and medium sized. 
 Stones must be thoroughly heated until almost red. 
 If heated correctly, stones usually do not retain any smoke and have a clean surface. 
 While stones are heated, prepare meat for cooking. 
 Cut meat in large pieces with bones. 
 If you are cooking a more western-oriented horhog, prepare also vegetables. 
 Wash and peel  potatoes ,  carrots ,  turnips  and  onions . 
 Some people add also  garlic sprouts . 
 Pour 4 liters of  water  (cold or warm) in a 20-liter aluminum can. 
 The amount of  water  depends on how much bouillon you would like to have in your horhog. 
 Put seasonings in  water . 
 Then start putting meat layering it with hot stones. 
 If you are cooking together vegetables, put them always on top. 
 Close can tightly and leave the meat to cook for an hour and a half. 
 The meat is supposed to cook on its own purely by the heat of hot stones. 
 However, it sometimes needs additional heating, which you can provide by putting the can on slow open fire. 
 Extra heating may be required due to several reasons. 
 The meat may not be properly layered with hot stones or the number of stones may not be enough for the amount of meat being cooked. 
 When the cooking is done, carefully open the can and let the vapors out. 
 First, pull out the stones and pile them aside. 
 Meat and bouillon are usually served separately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Mongolian Meat Dishes, Sheep meat Recipes, Garlic greens Recipes, Potato Recipes, Turnip Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category