Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Smoked_Salmon_Roulade

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Filling 
 2.2   Sauce 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Description : 
 Adapted from Bonnie Stern's  Appetizers  cookbook.
 
 Converted by MC_Buster 
 Serves 8 to 10 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup (50 ml)  unsalted butter 
 ⅓ cup (75 ml)  all-purpose flour 
 1½ cups (375 ml)  milk , hot 
 6  eggs , separated 
 1 tsp (5 ml)  salt 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 ¼ tsp (1 ml)  cayenne pepper 
 ¼ cup (50 ml) fine  breadcrumbs 
 Filling : 
 1½ cups (375 ml)  yogurt cheese 
 8 oz thinly sliced  smoked salmon 
 2 tbsp (25 ml) chopped fresh  dill 
 Sauce : 
 1 cup (250 ml)  yogurt cheese 
 2 tbsp (25 ml)  mayonnaise 
 ¼ cup (50 ml)  Russian-style mustard 
 Directions : 
 Butter a large 17x12-inch (43x30cm) jellyroll pan and line with parchment paper. 
 Butter again and flour lightly. 
 Melt butter in a large saucepan. 
 Whisk in flour and cook over low heat for 5 minutes until flour smells "cooked" but mixture is not brown. 
 Whisk in milk and bring to a boil. 
 Cook for a few minutes until thickened, stirring all the while. 
 In large bowl, beat egg yolks together. 
 Gradually beat in the sauce. 
 Add salt, pepper and cayenne. Mixture should be well seasoned. 
 Cool slightly. 
 In separate bowl, beat egg whites until light but firm. Do not overbeat. 
 Stir a little of the whites into egg yolk mixture and then fold the two mixtures together gently. 
 Spread souffle mixture evenly over prepared pan. 
 Bake in a preheated 400°F / 200°C oven for 15 to 18 minutes, or until golden. 
 Prepare sauce by combining 1 cup (250 ml) yogurt cheese with mayonnaise and mustard. 
 Sprinkle souffle with breadcrumbs. 
 Cover with clean tea towel. Invert. Carefully remove paper. If you like, trim edges and eat them. 
 Gently spread souffle with yogurt cheese for filling. 
 Arrange slices of salmon on top. 
 Sprinkle with dill. 
 Roll up gently along long side. 
 Transfer to serving platter using tea towel to lift the roulade. 
 To serve, cut roll into 1-inch (2.5cm) slices and drizzle each slice with some of the sauce. 
 Notes : 
 A lighter side: use only half the butter,  1% milk  and only 3  egg yolks .
 
 
 
 
Categories: Australian Appetizers, Smoked salmon Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Egg Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Yogurt cheese Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Prepared mustard Recipes, Dill Recipes, Add category