Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Masala_Dosa_with_Coconut_Chutney

Ingredients : 
 Dosa : 
 2 cups  parboiled rice 
 1 cup uncooked  rice 
 1 cup split  urad dal  (split  black gram ) 
 ½ teaspoon  fenugreek  seeds 
 salt 
 oil  (for frying) 
 ghee  or  clarified butter 
 Potato curry : 
 3 tablespoons  oil 
 ½ teaspoon  mustard seeds 
 1 teaspoon  gram dal 
 1 teaspoon  black gram   dal 
 2 medium  onions , finely chopped 
 4  green chilies , finely chopped 
 1 inch  ginger , finely chopped 
 2 sprigs  curry leaves , finely chopped 
 ½ teaspoon red  chili powder 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric powder 
 1⅛ lbs  potatoes , boiled,peeled,chopped 
 salt 
 coriander leaves , finely chopped (use about one handful) 
 1  lemon , juice of (optional) 
 Chutney : 
 2 teaspoons  oil 
 1 pinch  asafetida  powder 
 3  dried red chilies 
 1½ tablespoons split  urad dal  (split  black gram ) 
 ½  coconut , grated 
 salt 
 tamarind  pulp (use a lemon-sized ball) 
 Directions : 
 Dosa : 
 Soak the parboiled and uncooked  rice  together in  water . 
 Separately, soak the  dal  and  fenugreek seeds  together in  water . 
 After 3–4 hours, drain and reserve the  water  and grind both separately in a blender to a fine paste, adding some the reserved  water  as needed (if the grinder/blender seizes up) until the mixture is of batter consistency. 
 Add the  salt , some  water  if necessary, and mix both together thoroughly; keep overnight to ferment. 
 The next day, check the batter; if too thick, add some  water  and mix so that it is of a pouring consistency. 
 Heat a skillet and grease with some  oil . 
 Pour a ladleful of batter and spread as quickly as possible into a thin circle. 
 Pour a little  oil  (about 1/2 teaspoon) all around the crepe and on the centre as well. 
 Cook until the dosa is done, then turn over and cook the other side until crisp. 
 Set the dosas aside. 
 Note: If  parboiled rice  is not available, soak 2 1/4 cups of uncooked  rice . 
 Potato curry : 
 Heat the 3 tablespoons of  oil . 
 Season with the  mustard  and gram dals. 
 When done, add the chopped  onions , green chilies,  ginger ,  curry  leaves,  chili powder , and  turmeric  powder. 
 When the  onions  are browned, add the  potatoes  and  salt , and mix thoroughly. 
 Add the  coriander leaves  and  lemon juice , if desired, and mix well. 
 Chutney : 
 Heat the  oil , add the  asafoetida , red chilies, and then the  dal . 
 Fry until the  dal  turns brownish. 
 Remove from flame. 
 Grind this mixture with the  grated coconut ,  salt  and  tamarind  to a slightly rough paste. 
 Add a little  water  to make the chutney of a spreadable consistency. 
 To make the  masala  dosas (the final product!): When required, reverse the prepared dosa and place on a skillet. 
 Spread approximately 1 tablespoon of chutney evenly all over the dosa. 
 Carefully place 2 tablespoons of potato curry in the centre, fold the the left a third over the centre, and then the right side over the left. 
 Sprinkle a little  ghee  or  butter . 
 Roast for a minute or two. 
 Remove from flame and serve immediately. 
 Alternatively, stuff the dosa with the potato curry only, and serve the chutney as a dip. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bolivian Snacks, Bolivian Vegetarian, Tamarind Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Masala Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Asafetida Recipes, Curry Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Potato Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Converted rice Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Urad dal Recipes, Channa dal Recipes, Rice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category