Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boysenberry_Crumble

Description : 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 
 Serves 6 to 8 
 Ingredients : 
 Boysenberry filling : 
 3 pints fresh  boysenberries , picked over 
 ½ cup  orange juice 
 ½ cup  sugar , brown or white only 
 2 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 ½ teaspoon grated  lime zest 
 Crumble topping : 
 1 cup  all-purpose flour 
 1 cup quick-cooking  rolled oats 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 1  orange , zest grated 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 pinch of  nutmeg 
 6 ounces  unsalted butter , chilled and cut into dices 
 ice cream  or  sorbet , optional 
 Directions : 
 For preparation : 
 Turn on the oven. 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Boysenberry filling : 
 Lightly grease a shallow baking dish that has a capacity of about 3 quarts and is 2 to 3 inches deep. 
 In a mixing bowl, prepare the boysenberry filling by tossing together the berries, orange juice, sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon and lime zest. 
 Leave at room temperature for 15 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, prepare the crumble topping. 
 Crumble topping : 
 In another mixing bowl, combine the flour, oats, sugar, orange zest, cinnamon and nutmeg. 
 Add the butter. 
 With the paddle attachment of a stand mixer or a hand-held electric mixer on low speed, mix until the butter is fully incorporated into the dry ingredients. 
 Assembly : 
 Lightly stir the berry mixture and spread the fruit and its juices inside the prepared baking dish; it should be about three-quarters full. 
 With your hands, crumble the topping evenly over the filling. 
 Bake in the preheated oven until golden-brown and bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes. 
 Serve hot, warm or at room temperature. 
 Serve with ice cream or sorbet, if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Dessert Recipes, Boysenberry Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Fruit juice Recipes, Fruit Recipes, World Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Vegan dessert Recipes, Cinnamon Recipes, Oats Recipes, Spice Recipes, Add category