Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chilean_Butternut_Squash_Casserole

        
 Description : 
 This delicious casserole has become a tradition at my family's Thanksgiving. And everyone agrees we should make it more often, it's so good, and not hard to make. You can substitute mashed  pumpkin  or  yams  (unsweetened, of course!), but the  butternut  is best and worth the effort. A tip for easier clean up: I just mash the  squash  right in the casserole and mix everything there. I wipe off the upper sides with a clean, damp dish towel and pop it in the oven. I've been tempted to add a cup or two of cooked  rice  or other  grain  to make it even more hardy, but I haven't tried that yet...
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large  butternut squash 
 1 cup chopped  onions 
 2 - 3 cloves  garlic , crushed 
 1 - 2 tablespoon  olive oil 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 1 teaspoon  chili powder 
 1 - 2 dash  cayenne pepper 
 1 cup  red bell peppers , coarsely chopped 
 1 cup  green bell peppers , coarsely chopped 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 4  eggs , beaten 
 2 cups  corn  kernels (fresh or frozen) 
 2 cups grated sharp  Cheddar  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Cut  squash  in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. 
 Bake cut sides down at 425 °F for 45 – 50 minutes. or until very soft at thick end. 
 Let  Squash  cool and scrape out of the shell; mash as smoothly as you can. 
 Meanwhile, sauté  onion ,  garlic  and spices in  olive oil  until  onion  is translucent. 
 Add  peppers  and  salt , stir, cover and leave on low heat 5 minutes. 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Stir beaten  eggs  into mashed  squash . 
 Add  corn , sautéd veggies and grated  Cheddar ; stir to mix well. 
 Bake 20 minutes Covered. 
 Uncover and bake 20 – 30 minutes. 
 Note: cook time does not include time for baking the  squash ; that can be done ahead and refrigerated. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/68/Squashcasserole.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004420']
Categories: Butternut squash Recipes, Butternut squash Side Dish Recipes, Casserole Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Chilean Recipes, Corn Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Thanksgiving Side Dishes, Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Vegetarian Side Dish Recipes, Add category