Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Carne_Mecha

Description : 
 Stuffed eye round cooked like a pot roast
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  eye round  about 5 to 6 pounds, trimmed 
 2  chorizos , Spanish sausage sliced into ½ – ¾ in pieces 
 4 ounces of cooking  ham  or  ham steak , diced into cubes 
 1 medium  onion , quartered ) 
 1 medium  green pepper , quartered 
 10 to 12 Spanish  olives 
 6  new potatoes , peeled and washed 
 2 cans of  tomato sauce 
 ½ cup of  beef  or  chicken broth 
 2 teaspoons of  adobo  rub 
 3 to 4 tablespoons of  sofrito 
 6 tablespoons of  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 Rinse eye round under cold  water  and pat dry. 
 At one end of the roast cut in as many deep pockets as you can. 
 Stuff the pockets with a combination of the chorizo,  ham ,  onions ,  peppers , and. 
 Sew the pockets with butcher's cord. 
 Rub meat with adobo. 
 Pour 3 tablespoons of  olive oil  in a heavy pot and bring up to heat. 
 Place the meat in the pot and brown on all sides (you are looking for it to reach a golden brown in color). 
 Remove meat from pot and deglaze the bottom of the with either the  chicken  or  beef broth . 
 Make sure to scrape up all the brown drippings. 
 Pour the broth with the drippings in to a cup or bowl and set aside. 
 Rinse the pot in hot  water  do not use any soap dry and return to the stove. 
 Pour in the remaining three tablespoons of  olive oil  and bring up to heat. 
 Add the sofrito and stir until it starts to bubble. 
 Add one tablespoon of  vinegar  and two cans of  tomato sauce . 
 Continue stirring and add broth. 
 Bring to a simmer. 
 Return meat to the pot and cover cook slowly on low to medium heat for about 3 hours. 
 At this time stick a fork into the meat to check and see how it is cooking inwardly and turn over. 
 Stir and check the sauce every 30 minutes. 
 If you feel that it needs more liquid add a little more broth. 
 Remember we are looking for a sauce that is medium in texture not heavy and thick. 
 Taste for  salt  and  pepper  add if needed. 
 Place  potatoes  in a pot of boiling  water  and blanch for about 8 to 10 minutes drain and set aside. 
 Deep fry  potatoes  until golden brown and tender but not soft, and set aside. 
 When the roast is done remove from pot and allow to rest for at least 15 to 20 minutes. 
 Place  potatoes  in the pot with the gravy and allow to simmer slowly on low fire for another 5 to 6 minutes or until completely tender, but not so soft that they will break apart. 
 Slice the roast and serve on a platter surrounded with the  potatoes . 
 Pour gravy into a gravy server and pour over meat with the individual servings. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef round Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Onion Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Ham Recipes, New potato Recipes, Add category