Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Moyin-Moyin


 
 Ingredients : 
 2 to 3 cups dried cowpeas ( black-eyed peas ) or similar 
 1 tablespoon  dried shrimp  powder 
 1 or 2  tomatoes , chopped or a similar amount of canned  tomatoes 
 1 or 2  onions , chopped 
 salt  and  black pepper  to taste 
 chile pepper , chopped, to taste 
 cayenne pepper  or red pepper, to taste 
 oil  to grease muffin tin 
 optional ingredients (1 cup of one or more):
 cooked  shrimp , chopped 
 cooked  carrots , finely chopped 
 cooked  peas 
 sweet green  or  red pepper  ( bell pepper ) 
 hard-boiled  egg 
 dried, salted, or smoked  fish ; washed, cleaned, torn into pieces 
 dried shrimp  or  prawns , washed and crushed 
 canned  sardines 
 leftover cooked  meat , cut into small pieces 
 dried or smoked  meat , torn into small pieces 
 canned  corned beef 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Clean the black-eyed  Peas  in  water  in a large pot. Cover them with boiling  water  and soak them for at least an hour or overnight. After soaking them, rub them together between your hands to remove the skins. Rinse to wash away the skins and any other debris. Drain them in a colander. If the beans have soaked only a short time, they may be cooked in  water  over a low heat until they are partially tender. 
 Crush, grind, or mash the black-eyed  Peas  into a thick paste. Slowly add enough  water  to form a smooth, thick paste. Beat with a wire whisk or wooden spoon for a few minutes. A tablespoon of  oil  may be added. In a separate container combine all other ingredients and crush and stir them together until they are thoroughly mixed. Add the other ingredients to the  Black-eyed pea  paste and stir to make a smooth mixture. 
 Grease the muffin pans. Scoop the Moyin-Moyin mixture into your pans (or cans), allowing some room for it to rise while cooking. Place the pans (or cans) in a baking dish partially filled with  water . Bake in a medium-hot oven for about a half-hour. Moyin-Moyin in tin cans can also be steamed in a large covered pot on a stove. Check for doneness with a toothpick or sharp knife, as one would for a cake. 
 
 
 
Categories: Black-eyed pea Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Corned beef Recipes, Dried shrimp Recipes, Fish Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Pea Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sardines and pilchards Recipes, Add category