Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baqalawa

Ingredients : 
 1 package of  filo  (baqalawa) dough papers, thawed to room temperature 
 3 cups of  ground almonds  or  pistachio nuts 
 1 cup of finely chopped  almonds  or  pistachio nuts 
 1 cup of  powdered sugar 
 2 teaspoons of ground  cardamom 
 ¾ cup of melted  butter 
 Syrup : 
 2 cups of  sugar 
 1 cup of  honey 
 2 cups of  water 
 juice of one  lemon 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan, bring the syrup ingredients to a boil. 
 Reduce heat and simmer for about five minutes (be careful not to boil over the syrup). 
 Remove from heat and put aside for later. 
 In a mixing bowl combine the  nuts ,  powdered sugar , and  cardamom . 
 Open the  filo dough , but keep it covered with a kitchen towel to keep it from drying out. 
 Lay out one sheet of  filo dough . 
 Brush melted  butter  over it. 
 Lay another sheet of  filo dough  on top of the first one. 
 Again, brush with melted  butter . 
 Lay a third sheet of  filo dough  on top, and again brush with  butter . 
 Across the middle of the top sheet, make a line of nut mixture, about four rounded tablespoons of nut mixture. 
 Fold the  filo dough  in half over the nut mixture so that the nut mixture is right inside the fold. 
 Then roll up the  filo dough  as tight as you can, with the nut mixture being in the very middle. 
 Carefully move this "log" of  filo dough  to a baking sheet. 
 On the baking sheet, diagonally cut into ¾ inch pieces with a shape knife. 
 Repeat the process again until you have used all of the  filo dough . 
 Drizzle any remaining  butter  over the baqalawa pieces on the baking sheet. 
 Bake for 35 – 40 minutes in a pre-heated 350°F oven or until lightly browned. 
 Remove from the oven. 
 Take five or six pieces of baqalawa at a time and dip them into the syrup allowing them to soak up syrup for about 15 seconds. 
 Remove them from the syrup and place them in a strainer or on a rack where the excess syrup can drip off. 
 
 
 
Categories: Omani Desserts, Almond Recipes, Almond meal Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Pistachio Recipes, Honey Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category