Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Black_Rye_Bread


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 3 k (6 lbs) coarsely ground  rye flour 
 1 l (1 quart)  water 
 starter,  salt 
 
Starter
 
 1/2 k (1 lb)  rye flour 
 50 g (2 oz)  fresh yeast 
 1 l (1 quart) warm  water 
 Directions : 
 Starter is used to leaven black  rye bread . Starter is usually a leftover of dough from the last bread baking. Just before baking, the saved piece of dough is dissolved in warm  water  and is added to the newly mixed dough. Should there be no starter a new starter is prepared before mixing new dough. Mix all starter ingredients, keep in a warm spot to ensure maximum fermentation. This starter should be ready in 24 hours. Starter gives bread an agreeable, pleasant sour taste. Every starter has its own particular taste. Some homemakers add  sour milk  in place of  water . 
 To make dough, heat  water  to 100-110F/40-45C, pour half of the  flour , starter and mix well. Sprinkle dough with  flour  and set in a warm spot to ferment. During fermentation the volume of dough will almost triple. Fermentation is complete after about 14 hours. Then beat dough, add remaining  flour ,  salt  and knead well. Smooth top of dough, dampen with wet hands, cover and set in warm spot to rise for about 3 hours. 
 Prepare baking pans by lining them with maple or  cabbage  leaves or dust with  flour . 
 Form oblong loaves, smooth tops with damp hands. Bake in preheated oven at 400F/200C, for about 2–3 hours. Bread is done when it gives off a solid sound. Dampen tops of loaves with cold  water , cover loaves with a light linen cloth and let cool at room temperature. Do not place freshly baked loaves in a cold place for that will cause the crust to separate. 
 Black  rye bread  remains fresh for up to 2 weeks when refrigerated. 
 
 
 
Categories: Lithuanian Recipes, Lithuanian Vegetarian, Fresh yeast Recipes, Rye bread Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Sour milk Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category