Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Murg_Mussallam

Ingredients : 
 10 flakes  garlic  (crushed) 
 2 tbsp grated  ginger 
 salt  to taste 
 1 cup curd or plain  yogurt 
 1 tbsp  lemon juice 
 1  chicken 
 1 cup  long-grain rice 
 ¾ cup shelled  peas 
 6  bay leaves 
 1 cup  ghee 
 2 large  onions  (finely chopped) 
 225 g / ½ lb  tomatoes  (peeled and sliced) 
 2 cups hot water 
 3 tbsp chopped  coriander leaves 
 Spices : 
 2 tsp  garam masala  powder 
 1 tbsp  turmeric powder 
 8  cloves 
 6 black  peppercorns 
 1 black  cardamom 
 1 tsp  red chili powder 
 1 tbsp roasted  coriander  powder 
 1 tsp  cumin  seeds 
 ½ tsp  saffron  Water 
 Directions : 
 Mix three-quarter of garlic with half the ginger, half the garam masala, 1 tbsp salt, ⅓rd of turmeric, half of curd and the lemon juice and mix to paste. 
 Make small cuts in the chicken flesh and rub the paste all over and in the cavity. 
 Keep aside for 2 hours. 
 Half cook the rice with peas, remaining garlic, 4 cloves, peppercorns, ½ tsp salt, brown cardamom and 4 bay leaves and water and use to stuff chicken. 
 Heat the ghee in saucepan and fry the chicken until brown all over, being careful not to let the stuffing out. 
 Drain the chicken. 
 In another pan fry half onions in the remaining ghee with 2 bay leaves, remaining cloves and green cardamoms, until golden. 
 Add the remaining turmeric and chili powder. 
 Make a paste grinding together the coriander and cumin seeds and the remaining onion and grated ginger. 
 Cook, stirring, for 5-10 minutes, until the ghee starts to separate. 
 Add the remaining curd, the tomato and ½ tsp salt. 
 Add the chicken to the pan and baste with the spice mixture. 
 Pour over 300 ml / 1¼ cups of water, cover and cook in a moderately hot oven (200°C, 400°F, gas mark 6) for 1 hour. 
 Steep the saffron in the remaining garam masala powder and coriander leaves before serving murgh musallam. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indian Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Pea Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Add category