Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Slow-cooked_Thai_Chicken

Description : 
 Slow cooked chicken breasts in a rich, peanutty, slightly spicy sauce. Use low sodium and lower fat products where possible to improve the nutrition here... take care, Gloria
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Submitted by DeltaQueen50 to eDiets.com 
 Prep time: 20 minutes | Cook time: 300 minutes | Total time: 320 minutes 
 Serves 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 6 skinless, boneless  chicken breast  halves - cut into ½ inch strips 
 1 large  red bell pepper , seeded and sliced into strips 
 1 large  onion , coarsely chopped 
 ½ cup  chicken broth 
 ¼ cup  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp ground  cumin 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ½ tsp  red pepper flakes 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 2 tbsp  cornstarch 
 ⅓ cup creamy  peanut butter 
 1 tbsp  soy sauce 
 ¼ cup  lime juice 
 3  green onion , chopped 
 ¼ cup chopped fresh  cilantro 
 ½ cup chopped roasted  peanuts 
 Directions : 
 Place the chicken breast strips, bell pepper and onion into a slow cooker. 
 Pour in the chicken broth and ¼ cup soy sauce, then season with cumin, garlic, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper. 
 Stir to blend, then cover and cook on low for 4½ to 5 hours. 
 Remove 1 cup of the liquid from the slow cooker, and mix this with the cornstarch, peanut butter, 1 tablespoon of soy sauce and lime juice. 
 This should blend into a fairly thick sauce. 
 Stir the sauce back into the slower cooker and place the lid on the pot. 
 Cook on high for 30 minutes. 
 Serve over rice if desired. 
 Garnish with green onions, cilantro and peanuts before serving. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 410 Calories | 23.6 Total Fat | 18.3g Total Carbs | 34.9g Protein 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Crockpot Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Lime juice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Add category