Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mom%27s_Greaseless_Meatloaf

Description : 
 Using a pressure cooker removes the grease from the meat and leaves it in the cooker.
Anyway here's a TNT recipe for meatloaf in your pressure cooker. This was written for stovetops but can be made in the CE digitals or other digital cookers as is. This is a great meatloaf for those that want to reduce the grease consumption as the grease is not in the meat
but drops into the water in the pressure cooker. 
 
 Contributed by  PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 Yield: 6 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ pound of  ground beef  (I used 85% lean or better) 
 1 large  egg 
 ⅓ cup finely chopped  onion 
 ¼ cup finely chopped  bell pepper 
 1 tsp  dried mustard 
 ⅔ cup  ketchup 
 1 cup (more or less) Quaker  quick oats 
 a dash of  salt  and  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Take ground beef and place in a large mixing bowl. 
 In a separate bowl mix, ketchup, egg, salt, pepper, and dried mustard. 
 Combine ground beef and the mixture. 
 Best if kneaded by hand. 
 Once it is well mixed add the onions and bell peppers. 
 Best if kneaded by hand again. 
 Then add oats a little at a time continuing to knead oats into the mixture, until the combination is firm enough to form 1 or 2 small football shapes (about 6 – 8 inches long and around 3-4 inches round). 
 Place the footballs into a skillet on med heat and brown lightly on top and bottom (turning carefully as needed do not burn). 
 Once browned, remove from skillet and place into a pressure cooker with cooking grate in bottom. 
 Add enough water to pressure cooker to cover over the grate by about ½ inch. 
 A little bit of ketchup may be placed along the top of the meat. 
 Use pressure cooker per manufacturers instructions. 
 Once the pressure cap begins to rock, lower temp to just enough heat for rocker to rock slowly. 
 Allow rocker to go for 25 – 30 minutes. 
 Remove from heat; allow cooling enough to safely remove the lid. 
 You will have the best meatloaf without all the grease of oven-baked meatloaf. 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Meatloaf Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Egg Recipes, Onion Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Dry mustard Recipes, Ketchup Recipes, Quick oats Recipes, Add category