Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roast_Turkey_Breast_with_Spinach_Apple_Gorgonzola_Stuffing

Description : 
 White meat turkey and savory stuffing without having to cook an entire bird — a perfect weekend or holiday meal with a minimum of 
fuss. Stuffing can be made one day in advance.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Serves 6 – 8 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons  unsalted butter , divided 
 1 tablespoon chopped  garlic 
 1  apple , cored, medium (½-inch) dice 
 8 ounces (1 bunch) fresh  spinach  leaves, washed in cold water until free of dirt, cut into 2-inch pieces 
 ⅓ cup  breadcrumbs 
 ½ cup  gorgonzola  cheese, crumbled 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1 boneless  turkey breast  (about 2.5 pounds) 
 butcher's twine for tying up the rolled breast 
 Directions : 
 To make the stuffing, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium- high heat, then add the garlic and quickly sauté (do not burn!). 
 Add the diced apple and sauté 2 – 3 minutes. 
 Add the spinach and sauté until wilted. 
 Cook until all liquid has evaporated. 
 Remove from heat and add the breadcrumbs, gorgonzola cheese, 1 teaspoon of salt and ½ teaspoon of pepper. 
 Set aside. 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Butterfly the turkey breast open with a sharp boning knife. 
 Place it skin side down on a cutting board, cover it with plastic wrap, then pound it out lightly with a meat mallet to flatten it a bit and make it an even thickness. 
 Remove the plastic wrap and sprinkle the breast with salt and pepper. 
 Spread the stuffing over the (non-skin) surface of the breast to within ¾-inch from the edge. 
 Roll it up as tightly as possible, finishing with the skin side up (towards you). 
 Rub the entire top surface with the butter, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. 
 Using butcher's twine, tie up the turkey breast to keep its shape while roasting. 
 Place the stuffed turkey breast on a buttered or oiled roasting pan (or on a baking rack in a pan). 
 Roast, uncovered, until the stuffed turkey reaches an internal temperature of 165°F, about 1½ hours. 
 Cover the turkey with foil if the top begins to get too brown. 
 Remove from the oven and let it sit, covered, for about 15 – 20 minutes to let it set before slicing. 
 Snip off the butcher's twine, and serve. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (6 oz / 161 g-wt.): 
 
 250 calories (90 from fat) | 10g total fat | 5g saturated fat | 32g protein | 7g total carbohydrate (2g dietary fiber, 2g sugar) | 105mg cholesterol | 270mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Garlic Recipes, Apple Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Gorgonzola Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Add category