Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Albanian_Vegetable_Pie


 
 Description : 
 Albanian vegetable pie, Byrek Shqipëtar me perime, is an Albanian recipe for cooking pies. Albanian pies are generally made of thin pastry leaves which can be rolled out at home or bought as  filo dough  at a supermarket. Most of the pies prepared by Albanian cooks are not sweet; instead, pie fillings are almost always salty. Thus, a piece of such a pie may well serve as the main dish of a meal.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup (240 mL)  oil , preferably  olive oil 
 1½ packets (or about 30) pastry leaves ( filo dough ) 
 1½ pounds (680 g)  spinach , chopped 
 1 cup (240 mL) diced  feta   Cheese 
 1/2 cup (120 mL) chopped  green onions 
 2-3  eggs 
 1½ t  salt 
 Directions : 
 A medium-sized, round baking pan is recommended because it's more authentic but any medium-sized baking pan will do. 
 Brush the baking pan with some of the  oil , and start laying the pastry leaves inside. 
 First, lay two leaves, sprinkle or brush with  oil , then lay two other leaves, and repeat the procedure until half of the leaves are laid. 
 Make sure that they cover the pan by hanging them about one inch over the edges of the pan. 
 Sprinkle  spinach  with  salt , then mix well by hand. 
 Add the  feta   Cheese ,  oil ,  onions ,  eggs  and  salt , and spread this mixture over the already laid pastry leaves. 
 Finish by covering the  spinach  with the rest of the pastry leaves repeating the first-half procedure and then roll the hanging edges of the bottom leaves over the pie (think of a pizza crust), sprinkle top with  oil  and bake moderately at 350 °F (175 °C) for about 45 minutes, or until golden brown. 
 Serve hot, accompanied with  buttermilk , or beaten  yogurt , thinned down in cold  water  or with chilled stewed  prunes . 
 Sometimes a green salad adds to the meal! 
 
 
 
Categories: Albanian Recipes, Albanian Vegetarian, Buttermilk Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Feta Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Prune Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category