Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Guatemalan-style_Tamales


 
 Description : 
 This recipe was found in the "Cooking Light" magazine. If you enjoy tomatillos, you will enjoy this.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 pounds of  banana  leaves (they are also available in pre-cut packages, usually frozen.) 
 Filling : 
 5 pounds of  tomatoes , roughly chopped 
 1½ pounds of  red bell peppers , sliced lengthwise into slivers 
 1 cup  water 
 1 tablespoon  kosher salt 
 3 ounces  squash seeds  (available at Latino specialty stores) 
 1  guajillo chile , dried, stem removed and seeded 
 1  ancho chile , dried, stem removed and seeded 
 1 whole  cinnamon  stick 
 1½ ounces  sesame seeds 
 ⅓ cup  lard , about 3 ounces 
 3 pounds lean boneless  pork  (preferably from the shoulder) cut into 1-inch cubes 
 72  Spanish olives , about 3 cups 
 72  capers , about 1½ cups  4 oz golden raisins 
 Masa batter : 
 8 cups, fresh coarse-ground  corn   masa /4 cups rice flour 
 3 cups  water /chicken broth 
 ½ pound (1 cup)  pork lard 
 salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Banana leaves : 
 Unfold the  banana  leaves and cut off the long hard sides and ends of the leaves. 
 Check for holes and cut leaves into unbroken 12-inch segments (you will need about 36). 
 Steam the segments for 20 minutes to make them soft and pliable. 
 Sauce : 
 In a large pot, combine  tomatoes ,  and 1 cup of  water  and  salt . 
 Bring to a boil and simmer, covered for until  tomatoes  break apart. 
 While  tomatoes  simmer, toast chiles,  squash seeds  and  cinnamon  stick in a nonstick pan for approximately 5 minutes until the chiles and seeds release their aroma. 
 Be careful not to burn the seeds or chiles because they will make the sauce  bitter . 
 When fragrant, add  sesame seeds  and toast for another 5 minutes, until  sesame seeds  are fragrant. 
 Add  chile  and seed mixture to the  tomatoes . 
 In batches, puree mixture in a blender or food processor adding  water  if necessary to blend into a smooth puree. 
 Strain the mixture through a medium-mesh strainer back into pot. 
 Bring to a simmer and add  lard . 
 Taste for  salt  and add if necessary. 
 Masa : 
 In another pot, combine  masa  and  water , beating until  water  is incorporated. 
 Add  lard  and bring mixture to a boil. 
 Taste for  salt  and add if necessary. 
 The mixture should have the consistency of soft (not runny) cake batter. 
 Tamale Assembly : 
 Cut 36 12-inch pieces of butcher string or thin strips of  banana  leaves. 
 Lay out a square  banana  leaf, shiny side up, and spread about ⅓ cup of the  masa  into an 8x4-inch rectangle over it toward the right edge of the leaf. 
 An  ice   cream  scoop is a great tool for this. 
 Spoon 3 tablespoons of the sauce onto the  masa . 
 Place 1 cube of  pork , 2  olives , 2  capers , and several strands of  bell pepper  into a decorative pattern on the left half of the  masa . 
 Fold over the right edge of the  banana  leaf, enclosing the filling in the  masa . 
 Fold over the left edge, and then the top and bottom, creating a tight square package. 
 Loosely tie the tamales with string. 
 Once all tamales are assembled arrange them in layers in a large pot with about 4-6 inches of  water  at the bottom. 
 Bring to a boil and steam, covered, over a constant medium heat for about 1¼ hours. 
 Watch carefully to make sure that all the  water  doesn't boil away and, to keep the steam steady, pour boiling  water  into the pot when more is necessary. 
 
 Let the tamales stand for several minutes off the heat when done so they firm up. 
 Note : 
 The most important ingredient in the tamale process is the  masa  preparation. It's truly essential.  fresh masa  is either sold prepared or unprepared. Prepared  masa  has been mixed with  lard  and  salt  is heavier and greasy.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Ancho chile Recipes, Caper Recipes, Corn Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Guajillo chile Recipes, Guatemalan Meat Dishes, Masa Recipes, Pork shoulder and blade Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red bell pepper Recipes, Add category