Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bacalao_a_la_Vizca%C3%ADna

Ingredients : 
 1 pound of fresh  codfish  filets (ideally) or canned or  salted codfish . If you must use  salted codfish , boil in a pint of  water  for one or two minutes, drain, add fresh  water  and repeat, boiling and rinsing until the fish is rid of  salt  taste to your personal satisfaction. With a fork, tear the  codfish  meat into shreds. 
 ½ cup  olive oil  (preferably) or your favorite cooking  oil 
 2 large  onions 
 1 large  green pepper 
 1 teaspoon of  butter  or  margarine 
 ½ cup  tomato sauce 
 ½ cup medium-sized olives, stuffed with  peppers  or  onions , or your favorite 
 1 tablespoonful of  capers 
 1 tablespoonful of ground  garlic 
 2 large red, ripe  peppers , sliced lengthwise 
 1 pound of cooking  potatoes . to enhance the appearance of your dish, select neatly oval-shaped  potatoes ; slice them on their sides to make almost-round pieces, each about as thick as your index finger. 
 ⅓ cup of  raisins . this is a key ingredient in the aroma and the taste. modify at your discretion. 
 1 ounce of grain  vodka  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Lightly sauté the  onions ,  garlic , and  peppers  on a few drops of  oil  mixed with  butter  or  margarine . 
 Add the  vodka . 
 Add the  tomato sauce . 
 Add the  raisins  and  capers . 
 Blend the  codfish  in to produce a fairly uniform paste. 
 Follow a style similar to preparing lasagna. 
 Line your vessel with a small amount of  oil . 
 Place alternate layers of sliced  potatoes  and the blended paste. 
 Pour the remaining  oil  to cover the whole surface. 
 Cook over low flame for about thirty minutes. 
 If using the oven, make sure it is preheated to 250°F and bake for 20 minutes. 
 Cook over low flame for about thirty minutes. 
 If using the oven, make sure it is preheated to 250°F and bake for 20 minutes. 
 Serve on your favorite  pasta , cooked as plainly as possible, or on  white rice , and your favorite fresh salad. 
 Serve with  white wine  for a romantic Spanish dinner. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Cod Recipes, Salt cod Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Caper Recipes, Vodka Recipes, Potato Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category