Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Italian_Cuisine


 Browse All Italian Recipes : 
 Italian Appetizers  |  Italian Beverages  |  Italian Soups  |  Italian Salads  |  Italian Vegetarian  |  Italian Meat Dishes  |  Italian Snacks  |  Italian Desserts 
 
 
 Italian cuisine  as a national cuisine known today has evolved through centuries of social and political change. Its roots can be traced back to the 4th century BC. The cuisine changed significantly with discovery of the New World which helped shape much of what is known as Italian cuisine today with the introduction of items such as potatoes, tomatoes, bell pepper and maize, which are all central parts of the cuisine but were not introduced in scale until the 18th century. [1] 
 Ingredients and dishes vary by region. There are many significant regional dishes that have become both national and regional. Many dishes that were once regional, however, have proliferated in different variations across the country in the present day. Cheese and wine are also a major part of the cuisine, playing different roles both regionally and nationally with their many variations and Denominazione di origine controllata (DOC) (regulated appellation) laws. Coffee, and more specifically espresso, has become highly important to the cultural cuisine of Italy.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Overview of Italian Cuisine History 
 2   Cuisines of Italy 
 3   Unique Dishes by Region 
 4   Italian Food Glossary 
 5   Preparation Methods for Italian Cooking 
 6   Special Equipment for Italian Cooking 
 7   Italian Food Traditions and Festivals 
 8   People in Italian Food 
 9   Italian Recipes 
 10   References and External Links 
 
 
 Overview of Italian Cuisine History : 
       A picture of Italian food.     
 When contemplating the history of Italian cuisine, it is important to remember that Italy did not exist as a unified country before 1870; prior to that, it was a diverse collection of kingdoms and principalities. Indeed, as Kyle Phillips notes in the introduction to his translation of  The Art of Eating Well , only a small percentage of “Italians” actually spoke Italian prior to the 20th century. This political (and cultural) diversity is mirrored by the wide variety of climatic and topographic regions that the Italian peninsula spans. Because of these conditions, there exist a great variety of dishes in the Italian repertoire.
 Similarly, one needs to remember that most recipes in the Italian repertoire have come down to us from generations of poor, hard-working people. While the feasts provided by the Medici, Estes and Lombardi are the stuff of legend, court fare was more closely identified with French and Austrian cuisine and subject to changes in fashion and taste. This has little to do with what we now identify as Italian cooking, which was largely dependent on locally and seasonally available products and which probably evolved very slowly over the centuries.
 Several major changes have nonetheless shaped Italian cooking, notably the acceptance of tomatoes as a food in the 18th century (prior to then, tomatoes were thought to be poisonous and grown only for decorative reasons). To a lesser extent and at about the same time, potatoes became a regular part of several regional cuisines.
 Perhaps the most important change in the history of Italian cooking was the 1891 publication of Pelligrino Artusi's  La Scienza in Cucina e l'Arte di Manginar Bene  ( The Science of the Kitchen and the Art of Eating Well ). Artusi, a polymath, gourmand and bon vivant, traveled extensively throughout the Italian peninsula, collecting recipes as he went along. His collection became  The Art of Eating Well . By all accounts, it was the first modern cookbook to include recipes from many of Italy's regions and to present them in a common dialect. His work has been credited with fostering a national Italian culture; at a minimum, he helped forge the Italian cuisine from its many regional cuisines.
 
 Cuisines of Italy : 
       Map of Italy : click to enlarge.     
 The Italian cuisine is characterized by some specific unique dishes, like pasta, risotto and pizza, which are served in all parts of the country. However, regional differences may occur in the cooking process of a meal, resulting in variations of the same recipe, or unique specific ones of a single area, like the Napoli pizza, specific to the Neapolitan region. Also, Peperoni Imbottiti is another specific Neapolitan dish, and consists of stuffed bell peppers with  Eggplant  and bread crumbs. 
 In the Tuscan region, harty soups are a common thing, as well as fish stews. Cacciucco and scottiglia are some of the specific Tuscan stews. Other Tuscan specialties include “alla fiorentina” steak, ribollita, a thick vegetable soup and  fagioli  all'uccelletto, sautéed beans in  garlic  and  sage  with  tomatoes . 
 In the Piedmont region you can find a special dish called fonduta, containing melted cheese dip of  milk , eggs and white  truffles . Also, boiled  veal  tongue and fish assortments like  anchovies , eels,  carp ,  trout , and snails are available in all region.
 Lombardy is well known for Milan related dishes, such as  spaghetti  Milanese and minestrone alla Milanese, and for other specialties such as creamy  Gorgonzola  and polenta.
 Rice  and peas are specific for the Veneto region, where you can also find calf's liver fried with onions, shellfish, eels and dried  Cod . In Genoa region pesto is the main ingredient, and in Norcia, the Italian cuisine capital, you can find  pork  dishes, black  truffles , and hand-made pasta like " strozzapreti ."
 Sicily is rich in fruits and seafood, as well as Sardinia, which is also known for sausages, sweet  green olives , and  Lamb  steaks.
 
 
 
  Valle D' Aosta
 
  Piedmont
 
  Lombardy
 
  Trentino-Alto Adige
 
  Veneto
 
  Friuli-Venezia Giulia
 
  Liguria
 
 
 
 Aosta 
 
 
 Turin 
 Alessandria 
 Asti 
 Biella 
 Cuneo 
 Novara 
 Verbania 
 Vercelli 
 
 
 Milan 
 Bergamo 
 Brescia 
 Como 
 Cremona 
 Lecco 
 Lodi 
 Mantua 
 Pavia 
 Sondrio 
 Varese 
 
 
 Trento 
 Bolzano 
 
 
 Venice 
 Belluno 
 Padua 
 Rovigo 
 Treviso 
 Verona 
 Vicenza 
 
 
 Trieste 
 Gorizia 
 Pordenone 
 Udine 
 
 
 Genoa 
 Imperia 
 La Spezia 
 Savona 
 
 
  Emilia-Romagna
 
  Tuscany
 
  Marche
 
  Umbria
 
  Lazio
 
  Abruzzo
 
  Molise
 
 
 
 Bologna 
 Ferrara 
 Forli-Cesena 
 Modena 
 Parma 
 Piacenza 
 Ravenna 
 Reggio nell'Emilia 
 Rimini 
 
 
 Florence 
 Arezzo 
 Grosseto 
 Livorno 
 Lucca 
 Massa-Carrara 
 Pisa 
 Prato 
 Siena 
 
 
 Ancona 
 Ascoli Piceno 
 Macerata 
 Pesaro-Urbino 
 
 
 Perugia 
 Terni 
 
 
 Rome 
 Frosinone 
 Latina 
 Rieti 
 Viterbo 
 
 
 L'Aquila 
 Chieti 
 Pescara 
 Teramo 
 
 
 Campobasso 
 Isernia 
 
 
  Campania
 
  Puglia
 
  Basilicata
 
  Calabria
 
  Sicily
 
  Sardinia
 
  
 
 
 
 Avellino 
 Benevento 
 Caserta 
 Naples 
 Salerno 
 
 
 Bari 
 Brindisi 
 Foggia 
 Lecce 
 Taranto 
 
 
 Matera 
 Potenza 
 
 
 Catanzaro 
 Cosenza 
 Crotone 
 Reggio di Calabria 
 Vibo Valentia 
 
 
 Palermo 
 Agrigento 
 Caltanissetta 
 Catania 
 Enna 
 Messina 
 Ragusa 
 Syracuse 
 Trapani 
 
 
 Cagliari 
 Nuoro 
 Oristano 
 Sassari 
 
  
 
 Italian Cuisine 
 Unique Dishes by Region : 
 
 
  Abruzzo
 
  Basilicata
 
  Calabria
 
  Campania
 
 
 
 Agnello con le olive 
 Maccheroni alla Chitarra : a narrow stripped pasta served with a sauce of tomatoes, bacon and Pecorino cheese 
 Sugo di Castrato : mutton sauce made with onion, rosemary, bacon, white wine, and tomatoes 
 Mozzarelline allo Zafferano : mini mozzarella cheese coated with a batter flavored with saffron 
 Agnello casc' e ove : Lamb stuffed with grated pecorino cheese and eggs 
 Arrosticini 
 
 
 Pollo alla Potentina : Potenza-style chicken; Chicken braised with tomatoes, onion, white wine, peperoncino, topped with fresh basil, parsley and pecorino cheese 
 Agnello alla Pastora : Lamb with potatoes 
 Orecchiette alle Cime di Rapa : Ear-like pasta with broccoli 
 Orecchiette con la Salsiccia Piccante : Ear-like pasta with typical spicy salami from Basilicata 
 Pecorino di Forenza : Typical Forenza's sheep cheese 
 Salsiccia Lucana : Refined spicy salami called also Luganega 
 Scarteddate : typical Christmas biscuits 
 Sanguinaccio : homemade jam with chocolate and pig blood 
 
 
 Melanzane alla Menta : Eggplant marinated with mint 
 Pitta coi Pomodori : pita bread with tomatoes 
 Pesce Spada alla Ghiotta : swordfish rolls in tomato sauce 
 Zippuli 
 Cuzzupa 
 
 
 Maccheroni alla Napoletana : macaroni with Neapolitan sauce; a sauce of braised beef, carrot, celery, onion, garlic, white wine, tomato paste and fresh basil. 
 Pizza Napoletana : Neapolitan pizza; pizza topped with anchovies, mozzarella, oregano and olive oil 
 Mozzarella in Carrozza : fried mozzarella sandwiches 
 Insalata Caprese : salad of tomatoes, mozzarella and basil 
 Pastiera Napoletana : Neapolitan ricotta cake 
 
 
  Emilia-Romagna
 
  Friuli-Venezia Giulia
 
  Lazio
 
  Liguria
 
 
 
 Zampone : stuffed pig's trotter, fatter 
 Cotechino : stuffed pig's trotter, leaner 
 Cappella da Prete : stuffed pig's trotter, very fat 
 Erbazzone : salty croissant filled with salad 
 Fave Stufate : beans with mortadella 
 Torta Barozzi o torta near : Barozzi tart of black tart (a dessert made with a coffee/cocoa and almond filling encased in a fine pastry dough 
 Tortellini : pasta filled with pork, Parmigiano-Reggiano and spices 
 Lasagne : pasta filled with Bolognese Sauce 
 Cannelloni ,  Crespelle  and  Rosette : pasta filled with bechamel, cream, ham and others 
 Piadina : Pancake shaped bread 
 Passatelli 
 Tigelle 
 Parmigiano-Reggiano : hard cheese 
 Aceto Balsamico di Modena 
 Parmacotto : special ham from Parma 
 Pan Papato : very fatty Christmas dessert with almonds, candiedes and a lot of spices 
 Mortadella : cold pork from Bologna 
 Culatello : special ham, very precious and expensive, made with pig's backside. 
 Salame Felino : special salami from Parma 
 Garganelli : tipic pasta usually seasoned with pancetta, peas and cream. 
 Gramigna con salsiccia : tipic pasta with sausages ragut. 
 Pisarei e Fasò : peas and beans from Piacenza 
 Torresani : rosted pigeons 
 Salamina da Sugo : soft salami from Ferrara, righted to season. 
 Salami of San Secondo : salami from Parma made with pork shoulder. 
 Coppa : cold pork from Piacenza 
 Ciccioli : cold meat made with pig's feet and head from Modena 
 Squaqquerone : Sweet, runny, milky cheese from Romagna 
 Tigelle and Crescentine : typical focaccia from Emilia 
 Gnocco Fritto and Crescentine : fried bread from Emilia 
 Borlengo 
 Tagliatelle all'Uovo : pasta makde with egg from Bologna 
 Pesto di Modena : pork lard, garlic, rosemary and Parmigiano-Reggiano wich is used to season  tigelle ,  borlenghi  and  crescentine 
 
 
 Jota : stew of beans with bacon 
 Brovada : turnips preserved in marc 
 Frico : Cooked Montasio cheese. It can be done in different fashions, with or without potatoes, crunchy or soft. 
 
 
 Saltimbocca alla Romana : Veal cutlet, Roman-style; topped with raw ham and sage and simmered with white wine and butter 
 Coda di bue alla vaccinara : oxtail ragout 
 Carciofi alla Giudia : artichokes fried in olive oil, typical of Roman Jewish cooking 
 Carciofi alla Romana : artichokes Roman-style; outer leaves removed, stuffed with mint, garlic, breadcrumbs and braised 
 Spaghetti alla carbonara : spaghetti with bacon, eggs and pecorino 
 Bucatini all'amatriciana : bucatini with guanciale, tomatoes and pecorino 
 Gnocchi di semolino alla romana : semolina dumpling, Roman-style 
 
 
 Pizza all'Andrea : Focaccia-style pizza topped with tomato slices (not sauce) onions and anchovies 
 Scabeggio : fried fish marinated in wine, garlic, lemon juice and sage, typical of Moneglia 
 Baccalà Fritto : morsels of salt cod dipped in flour batter and fried 
 Torta Pasqualina : savory flan filled with a mixture of green vegetables, ricotta and parmigiano cheese, milk and marjoran; some eggs are then poured in the already-placed filling, so that their yolks will remain whole and firm when cooked 
 Buridda : seafood stew 
 Mosciamme : originally a cut of dolphin meat dried and then made tender again thanks to immersion in olive oil, since several decades the dolphin meat has been substituted with tuna 
 Mescciüa : a soup of chickpeas, beans and wheat grains, typical of eastern Liguria and likely of Arab origin 
 Cima alla Genovese : this cold preparation features an outer layer of beef breast made into a pocket and stuffed with a mix of brain, lard, onion, carrot, peas, eggs and breadcrumbs, then sewn and boiled. It is then sliced and eaten as an entrée or a sandwich filler 
 Stecchi alla Genovese : wooden skewers alternating morsels of leftover chicken meats (crests, testicles, livers...) and mushrooms, dipped in white bechamel sauce, left to dry a bit and then breaded and fried 
 Pansoti : triangle-shaped stuffed pasta filled with a mix of borage (or spinach) and ricotta cheese, they can be eaten with butter, tomato sauce or a white sauce made with either walnuts or pine nuts (the latter two being the more traditional ligurian options) 
 Bianchetti : Whitebait of anchovies and sardines, usually boiled and eaten with lemon juice, salt and olive oil as an entrée 
 Maccheroni con Trippa : A traditional savonese soup uniting maccheroni pasta, tripe, onion, tomato, sausage, thistle, parsley and white wine in a base of capon broth 
 Condigiun : a salad made with tomatoes, bell peppers, cucumber, black olives, basil, garlic, anchovies, hard boiled egg, oregano, tuna. 
 Sgabei : fritters made from bread dough (often incorporating some cornmeal in it) 
 Testa in Cassetta : a salami made from all kind of leftover meats from pork butchering (especially from the head) 
 Galantina : similar to Testa in cassetta but with added veal meat 
 Torta di Riso : Unlike all other rice cakes this preparation is not sweet, but a salted cake made with rice, caillé, parmigiano and eggs 
 Panera Genovese : a kind of semifreddo rich in cream and eggs flavoured with coffee, similar to a cappuccino in ice cream form 
 Cappon Magro : a preparation of fish, shellfishes and vegetables layered in an aspic 
 Cobeletti : sweet corn tarts 
 Latte Dolce Fritto : a thick milk based cream left to solidify, then cut in rectangular pieces which are breaded and fried 
 Pandolce : sweet bread made with raisins, pine nuts and candied orange and cedar skins 
 Panissa and Farinata : chickpea-based polentas and pancakes respectively 
 Farinata di Zucca : a preparation similar to chickpea farinata substituting pumpkin for the legumes' flour as its main ingredient, the end result is slightly sweeter and thicker than the original 
 Agliata : Pesto's direct ancestor, a spread made from garlic cloves, egg yolk and olive oil pestled in a mortar until creamy 
 Trenette col Pesto : Pasta with Pesto (Olive Oil, garlic, Basil, Parmigiano and Pecorino Sardo cheese) sauce 
 
 
  Lombardy
 
  Marche
 
  Molise
 
  Piedmont
 
 
 
 Tortelli di zucca : ravioli with a pumpkin filling 
 Risotto alla milanese : A stirred rice dish made with Vialone or Carnaroli rice flavored with saffron 
 Panettone : a Milanese Christmas traditional bread made with a yeast dough along with candied citrus peel, raisins and candied fruits 
 Torrone 
 Mostarda di Cremona : boiled fruits seasoned with mustard 
 Pizzoccheri : buckwheat tagliatelle dressed with potatoes, greens (often Swiss Chard), butter and Bitto cheese: a speciality of the Valtellina. 
 
 
 Brodetto di San Benedetto del Tronto : fish stew, San Benedetto del Tronto-style 
 Passatelli all'urbinate : spinach and meat dumplings 
 Olive all'ascolana : fried olives stuffed with pork, beef, chicken livers, tomato paste and Parmesan cheese 
 Ciauscolo : made from the belly and shoulder of pig with half its weight in pork fat and seasoned with salt, pepper, orange peel and fennel. It is stuffed into an intestine casing, dried in a smoking chamber and cured for three weeks. 
 Coppa : coppa in this region refers to a boiling sausage made from pig's head, bacon, orange peel, nutmeg and sometimes pinenuts or almonds.  It is meant to be eaten within a month of preparation 
 Salame lardellato : made with lean pork shoulder, or leg meat, along with diced bacon, salt, pepper, and whole peppercorns.  It is cased in hog's intestines, dried for one-and-a-half days and then placed in a warm room for 3–4 days, two days in a cold room and then two months in a ventilated storage room 
 Prosciutto de Montefeltro : made from free-range black pigs, this is a smoked Prosciutto washed with vinegar and ground black pepper 
 Salame de Montefeltro : made from the leg and loin meat of the black pig, this sausage is highly seasoned with peppercorns and hung to dry 
 Salame de Fabriano : similar to  salame lardellato  except that it is made solely from leg of pork with pepper and salt 
 Fegatino : a liver sausage with pork belly and shoulder, where the liver replaces the fat of other sausages 
 Soppressata de Fabriano : finely emulsified pork flavored with bacon, salt and pepper, the sausage is smoked and then aged 
 Mazzafegato da Fabriano : mortadella made from fat and lean pork with liver and lung added to the fine-grained emulsification. It is seasoned with salt and pepper, stuffed into casings and smoked. This sausage is often served at festivals. 
 
 
 Agnello con le Olive : 
 Maccheroni alla Chitarra : a narrow stripped pasta served with a sauce of tomatoes, bacon and Pecorino cheese 
 Sugo di castrato : mutton sauce made with onion, rosemary, bacon, white wine, and tomatoes 
 Mozzarelline allo Zafferano : mini mozzarella cheese coated with a batter flavored with saffron 
 Agnello casc' e ove : Lamb stuffed with grated pecorino cheese and eggs 
 Arrosticini 
 
 
 Risotto alla piemontese : risotto cooked with meat broth and seasoned with nutmeg, Parmesan and truffle 
 Paniscia di Novara : a dish based on rice with borlotti beans, salame and vegetables 
 Bagna cauda : A hot dip based on anchovies, olive oil and garlic blanched in milk, to accompain vegetables (either raw or cooked), meat or fried polenta sticks 
 Carne cruda all'albese : steak tartare with truffles 
 Vitello tonnato : veal in tuna sauce 
 Bollito misto 
 
 
  Puglia
 
  Sardinia
 
  Sicily
 
  Trentino-Alto Adige
 
 
 
 Tiella di Verdure : casserole of baked vegetable topped with mozzarella cheese and fresh basil 
 Purea di Fave : broad bean puree 
 Zuppa di Cozze alla Tarantina : mussels steamed with peperoncino, garlic, tomatoes, white wine and garlic 
 Ostriche Arrosto : oysters broiled with parsley, garlic, oregano, breadcrumbs, olive oil and lemon juice 
 Pane di Altamura : sourdough duram wheat bread 
 Pane Casereccio : made from duram wheat, yeast, flour, salt and water, this loaf is a tradition of the region 
 Puccia di Pane : small, soft, round loaf made of white flour to remind the people of the Virgin Mary 
 Puddica : bread dough mixed with mashed potato and rolled into flat cakes, covered with halved tomatoes and seasoned with salt and pepper 
 Focaccia Ripiena : bread dough filled with mozzarella, tomatoes, ham, onion or leek and served in slices 
 Taralli : wheat flour, lard, olive oil, brewer's yeast, fennel seeds, red pepper and salt, baked into rings 
 Friselle : made from barley flour, duram wheat flour and go through a dual baking process, first in a hot oven and finished in a moderate oven 
 
 
 Procceddu : Small pig cooked with myrtle 
 Malloreddus : semolina gnocchi with saffron 
 Sa fregula : couscous 
 
 
 Tonno alla palermitana : tuna Palermo-style; tuna marinated in white wine, lemon, garlic, rosemary and broiled, then served with pan-seared sardines 
 Il timballo del gattopardo : Sicilian pie; pastry dough baked with a filling of penne rigata, Parmesan, and bound a sauce of ham, chicken, liver, onion, carrot, truffles, diced hard-boiled egg and seasoned with clove, cinnamon, salt and pepper. 
 Caponata : eggplants with tomatoes and olives 
 Maccu di San Giuseppe : bean paste with fennel 
 
 
 Gnocchi con la ricotta : Potato dumplings with ricotta 
 Pollo ripieno alla trentina : Stuffed chicken in the style of Trento 
 Canederli]] or [[Knödel : dumplings made with leftover bread 
 Crauti : Sauerkraut 
 
 
  Tuscany
 
  Umbria
 
  Valle D' Aosta
 
  Veneto
 
 
 
 Pinzimonio : fresh seasonal raw or slightly blanched vegetables served with seasoned olive oil for dipping 
 Ribollita : reheated vegetable soup 
 Ossibuchi alla toscana : osso buco, sliced braised veal shank, "Tuscan-style" 
 Bistecca alla fiorentina : grilled Florentine T-bone steak. In past it was also called  bistecca alla florentina 
 Crema paradiso : Tuscan creamed bacon 
 Fegatelli di maiale pig's liver forcemeat stuffed into pig's stomach and baked in a slow oven with stock and red wine 
 Carsenta lunigianese : baked on a bed of chestnut leaves and served on Good Friday 
 Ciaccia : from the Maremma made from maize 
 Donzelle : round loaf fried in olive oil 
 Fiandolone : made with sweet chestnut flour and strewn with rosemary leaves 
 Pan maoko : equal parts wheat and maize flour, with pine nuts and raisins added 
 Panigaccio :  Lunigiana  specialty made with flour, water and salt baked over red-hot coals and served with cheese and olive oil 
 Panina gialla aretina : an Easter bread with a high fat content, containing raisins, saffron, and spices. It is consecrated in a church before being served with eggs 
 Panini di San Antonio : sweet rolls eaten on the feast day of St. Anthony 
 Schiacciata : dough rolled out onto baking sheet and can have pork cracklings, herbs, potatoes and/or tomatoes added to the top along with a salt and olive oil 
 Pan di granturco : made from maize flour 
 Pane classico integrale : unsalted bread made with semolina with a crisp crust 
 Schiacciatina : made with a fine flour, salt dough with yeast and olive oil 
 Filone : classic Tuscan unsalted bread 
 Pan di ramerino : a rosemary bread seasoned with sugar and salt. The bread was originally served during Holy Week decorated with a cross on top and sold at the Church by  semellai ; it is, however, offered year round now. 
 Pane con i grassetti : a bread from the Garfagnana area, with pork cracklings mixed in 
 Pane con l'uva : in other areas this bread often takes the form of small loaves or rolls, but in Tuscany it is a rolled-out dough with red grapes incorporated into it and sprinkled with sugar. It is bread served often in the autumn in place of dessert and often served with figs 
 
 
 Lenticchie di Castelluccio con salsicce : lentil stew with sausages 
 Minestra di farro : spelt soup 
 Regina in porchetta : carp in fennel sauce 
 Piccioni all spiedo : spit-roasted pigeon 
 Barbozzo : cured, matured pig's cheek 
 Mazzafegati : sweet or hot pig's liver sausage, the sweet version containing raisins, orange peel and sugar 
 Budellacci : smoked, spiced pig intestines eaten raw, spit-roasted, or broiled 
 Capocollo : Sausage highly seasoned with garlic and pepper 
 Coppa : sausage made from the pig's head 
 Prosciutto di Norcia : a pressed, cured ham made from the legs of pigs fed on a strict diet of acorns [2] 
 
 
 Zuppa di Valpelline : savoy cabbage stew thickened with stale bread 
 Tortino de riso alla valdostana : rice cake with ox tongue 
 Lepre in Civet : jugged hare 
 Pere San Martin al vino rosso : winter pears in red wine 
 Panna cotta : sweetened cream set with gelatin 
 
 
 Pasta e fasioi : a dish of pasta and beans 
 Polenta con gli osei : Polenta cooked with wild birds 
 Risi e bisi : rice with young peas 
 Sarde in Saor : marinated sardines 
 
 Italian Food Glossary : 
 Finding the ingredients for an Italian Recipe is not so easy when you do not know the names of the ingredients. Take time to make a list of ingredients and the name they may be found under at the Local Markets.
 
 Check out the  Italian Food Glossary . 
 Add a Term to the Italian Food Glossary : 
 Preparation Methods for Italian Cooking : 
 Italian recipes generally call for no special cooking methods. What is more notable is the absence of oven roasting as a cooking method: reliable ovens were relatively uncommon in Italian households until long after World War II, so nearly all home cooking took place on top of the stove. Instead of being oven roasted, poultry and small game are frequently pan-roasted: actually a form of braising. Dishes which do require baking in an oven were traditionally prepared at home, taken to the local bakery for cooking, then brought back home; this explains why pizza and lasagna are rarely meant to be served at oven temperature. In addition to pan roasting, the most common cooking methods in Italian cooking are grilling, sauteeing, boiling, and poaching.
 
 Special Equipment for Italian Cooking : 
 When you plan on cooking in an Italian manner, you will be in need of a lot of pots and serving spoons, spatulas, forks, turners, scrapers and tongs. Big pots that can be placed over open fires are specific to this cuisine. Also, baking pots and dishes are very popular in the Italian cuisine, since a lot of meals are prepared in the oven rather than on an electric fire. The famous pizza specialties are only baked in ceramic or clay ovens to give the crispy taste to the dough. Wooden spatulas are frequently used in the cooking process, not only for stirring, but for pizza-grabbing and handling. Food processors, mixers, grinders and splatters are of great utility in this cuisine, especially in the  Sausage  making process, and for grating hard condiments like  black pepper  or  cinnamon .
Deep serving dishes are required for the traditional Italian pasta, for soups and for stews. You need to consider cover lids and insulated food carriers to keep the temperature of the food constant, if you plan on serving the dishes at their optimized temperature.
 
 Italian Food Traditions and Festivals : 
 Italians are a nation known for their Latin blood that makes them full of life and celebration spirit. All year round there are lots of food-related festivals and traditions kept very well. In January, in the Piedmont region, there is a luganiga festival, a celebration of a type of  Sausage , celebrated with boiled sausages, potatoes and  sauerkraut . Early April has a feast of the  cherry  trees, and the Sagra dei Garagoi, a celebration dedicated to the garagoi, or sea snails, a time when they are cooked in  tomato  sauce with lots of  pepper . There are festas dedicated to fried flatbread, festa of the  Duck , and a festa del Lambrusco when red wine is sampled with gnocco fritto, or fried puffs of pasta dough, accompanied by prosciutto and salame. All festivals usually contain a lot of music and dances, Italians being party people by nature, having dance spirit in their blood.
 
 People in Italian Food : 
 Italians are gourmands by their nature, and many of them love to cook and put their personal mark on the food they prepare. Chefs have a great sense of flavor, and they know the secrets to a delicious  pizza, risotto or pasta recipe. The many recipes and even more methods of preparing special traditional Italian meals are basically due to the feeling that a chef adds to the cooking process. There are over a six hundred types of pizza and pasta-dishes in Italy and most of them are made by chefs that add ingredients according to their personal taste. Combining available ingredients depends on the chef’s personal method, and can result in Italian dishes that will become even more original and delicious than the already spectacular ones. The cooking process doesn’t stop with food, but goes on to the coffee making one, Italians enjoying every diversification of a cappuccino, macchiato or latte coffee.
 
 Are you into Italian Cooking and would like to be interviewed? 
 Italian Recipes : 
 References and External Links : 
 
 ↑   Del Conte, Anna.  The Concise Gastronomy of Italy .  Barnes and Nobles Books, 2004. 
 
 ↑   Piras, Claudia; Medagliani, Eugenio.  Culinaria Italy.  Cologne: Könemann Verlagsgesellschaft mbh, 2000. 
 
 
 De'medici, Lorenza.  Italy: The Beautiful Cookbook .  Beautiful Cookbooks, October 1989. 
 DiVecchio, Jerry Anne.  Sunset Italian Cookbook .  Menlo Park: Lane Books, 1975. ( 1994 Edition :  Sunset: Italian Cookbook . ) 
 Rucker, Allen; Scicolone, Michele.  The Sopranos Family Cookbook: As Compiled by Artie Bucco .  Grand Central Publishing, September 2002. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b3/Flag_of_Italy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20080726171231', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/76/Italia.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20080516004644', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/1/18/Map_of_Italy.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20080516004155', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Italian Cuisine, European Cuisine, Mediterranean Cuisine, Add category