Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Shrimp_and_Corn_Chowder


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb medium  shrimp , shelled and deveined 
 6  garlic  cloves, minced 
 2  scallions , minced 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lime juice 
 salt 
 2 cups fresh  corn  kernels  or  thawed frozen  corn  kernels 
 2 cups whole  milk 
 2 tablespoons  annatto oil  (recipe and directions below) 
 1 large  red onion , finely chopped 
 1  red bell pepper , finely chopped 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 3  plum tomatoes , peeled seeded and finely chopped 
 6 cups  fish stock  or  chicken stock  or low sodium  chicken broth 
 cilantro  leaves 
 ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 Annatto oil : 
 1 cup  corn oil 
 ¼ cup  annatto seeds 
 Tangy corn salsa : 
 1 cup fresh  corn  kernels  or  thawed frozen  corn  kernels 
 3  plum tomatoes , peeled seeded and finely chopped 
 2  scallions , minced 
 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped  cilantro 
 2½ tablespoons fresh  lime juice 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Annatto oil : 
 In a small saucepan, combine  corn oil  and  annatto seeds  and bring to a simmer over low heat. 
 Remove from the heat, cover and let cool. 
 Strain the annatto-infused  oil  into a jar. 
 Makes 1 cup. 
 Tangy corn salsa : 
 In a small saucepan of boiling salted  water , cook the  corn  until just tender, about 3 minutes for fresh or 1 minute for frozen. 
 Drain and let cool; pat dry. 
 In a small bowl, toss the  corn  with the  tomatoes , scallions,  cilantro  and  lime juice . 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  and let stand at least 1 hour before serving. 
 Makes about 1½ cups. 
 Chowder : 
 In a large, shallow glass or stainless-steel bowl, toss the  shrimp  with two-thirds of the minced  garlic , the scallions,  lime juice  and 1 teaspoon of  salt . 
 Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or for up to 3 hours. 
 In a food processor, puree the  corn  with the  milk . 
 Pour the purée through a coarse strainer, pressing on the solids to extract as much liquid as possible. 
 Heat the annatto oil in a large sauce-pan or enameled cast-iron casserole. 
 Add the remaining  garlic ,  onion ,  bell pepper  and  cumin  and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are slightly softened, about 5 minutes. 
 Stir in the  tomatoes  and cook for 2 minutes longer. 
 Add the  corn   milk , stock,  plantain ,  cilantro  and  cayenne  and bring to a boil. 
 Simmer over moderately low heat until very flavorful, about 20 minutes. 
 Pour the soup through a coarse strainer. 
 Working in batches, puree the vegetables in a blender. 
 Return the puree and the strained broth to the saucepan and bring to a simmer. 
 Add the  shrimp  and its marinade and cook over moderate heat until the  shrimp  are just opaque throughout, about 2 minutes. 
 Season with  salt  and serve in warmed soup plates or bowls with the tangy  corn  salsa. 
 
 
 
Categories: Annatto seed Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chowder Recipes, Corn Recipes, Corn oil Recipes, Ecuadorian Meat Dishes, Ecuadorian Soups, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Add category