Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gallo_Pinto_I

Description : 
 Beans and  rice 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb (450 g)  black beans  (fresh are best but most likely you’ll find them dried) 
 8 – 10 sprigs  cilantro  ( coriander leaf ) fresh or frozen,  not dried ! 
 1 small or medium  onion 
 ½ small  red  or  yellow sweet pepper  (optional) 
 3 cups (700 ml)  chicken broth  or  water 
 2 cups (350 ml)  white rice 
 ½ teaspoon (2.5 ml)  salt 
 1 tablespoon (15 ml)  vegetable oil 
 1 – 3 tablespoons  oil  to fry the Gallo Pinto 
 Directions : 
 If beans are dried, cover with  water  and soak overnight, if they are fresh, just rise them off. Drain the beans and add fresh  water  to an inch (2.5 cm) above the top of the beans,  salt , and bring to a boil. Cover the pan and reduce heat to very low simmer until beans are soft (~3 hours). 
 Chop  cilantro ,  Onion , and  sweet pepper  very fine. 
 Add 1 Tablespoon  oil  to a large pan and sauté the dry  rice  for 2 minutes over medium high flame then add half of the chopped  Onion ,  sweet pepper  and  cilantro  and sauté another 2 minutes. Add  water  or  chicken broth , bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to simmer until  rice  is tender (20 – 35 minutes). This is also the recipe for Tico  rice  used in other favorites like tamales. 
 Once the  rice  and beans are cooked you can refrigerate or freeze them. Keep a significant amount of the “black  water ” with the beans (½ – 1 cup 120 – 240 ml). This is what gives the  rice  its color and some of its flavor. Sauté the  rice , beans reserved chopped  Onion ,  sweet pepper  and  cilantro  together in  vegetable oil  for a few minutes. Sprinkle with a little fresh chopped  cilantro  just before serving. 
 Once the  rice  and beans are cooked you can also refrigerate or freeze them. Make up small batches of Gallo Pinto when you want it by simply sautéing them together. 
 In Guanacaste they sometimes use small very hot  red peppers  instead of or in addition to the sweet. Some people add a tablespoon or so of  Salsa Lizano  or Chilera to the beans while they're cooking. Our friend Mercedes always simmered the beans very slowly all-day and preheated the  water  or  chicken broth  for the  rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Black bean Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Costa Rican Appetizers, Costa Rican Vegetarian, Recipes that need photos, Red bell pepper Recipes, White rice Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Add category