Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Flavorful_Mushroom_Risotto

Ingredients : 
 4 tablespoons  butter 
 2 cups  chantarelle mushrooms   or   oyster mushrooms , cleaned, trimmed and cut into ½-inch pieces (any flavorful combination) 
 ⅔ cup  cognac 
 7 cups low sodium  chicken broth   or  low sodium  vegetable broth 
 ¾ cup  heavy cream 
 1 tablespoon extra-virgin  olive oil 
 4 medium  shallots , peeled and minced  or  6 tablespoons  yellow onions , finely chopped 
 ¾ – 1  garlic  clove, minced 
 1¾ cups  arborio rice 
 ⅓ cup freshly grated  Parmesan cheese 
 salt 
 freshly ground coarse  black pepper 
 2 – 3 tablespoons chopped toasted  cashews   or  toasted chopped  almonds  (warmed in oven) 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  parsley 
 Directions : 
 Make sure you only wipe the  mushrooms  clean. 
 Melt 2 tablespoons  butter  in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Add  mushrooms  and saute about 5 minutes. (If using chanterelles, dry saute first for 1 – 2 minutes and let the  mushrooms  cook in their own juices before adding the  butter .) 
 Add  cognac , bring to a boil, and reduce liquid by ½, about 3 – 4 minutes. 
 Lower heat to medium; add  cream , and simmer 5 minutes. 
 Remove skillet from heat and set aside. 
 Bring stock to simmer in a saucepan. 
 In a deep, heavy, medium sized saucepan, heat  oil  and remaining  butter . 
 Add shallots or  onions  and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. 
 Add  garlic  and cook another 30 seconds to 1 minute. 
 Add  rice  and stir to coat with  butter  an  oil . 
 Add simmering stock, ½ cup at a time, stirring enough to keep the  rice  from sticking to the edges of the pan. 
 Wait until the stock is almost completely absorbed before adding the next ½ cup. 
 This process will take about 20 minutes. 
 The  rice  should be just cooked and slightly chewy. 
 Stir in cashews or  almonds ,  mushroom  mixture and the freshly grated  Parmesan cheese . 
 Season to taste with  salt  and  pepper  and serve garnished with  parsley . 
 
 
 
Categories: Californian Vegetarian, Risotto Recipes, Chanterelle Recipes, Oyster mushroom Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Almond Recipes, Cognac Recipes, Medium-grain rice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category