Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Black_Bean_and_Mushroom_Quesadillas


 
 Ingredients : 
 Salsa : 
 1  pineapple , peeled and sliced into ½-inch-thick rings 
 1 ripe  mango , chopped 
 1 large  tomato , peeled and chopped 
 1 small  onion , chopped 
 4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 to 3  jalapeño  chiles, seeded and chopped, or to taste 
 3 tbsp chopped  cilantro 
 Quesadillas : 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 small  onion , diced 
 2 cups  chanterelles  or other  mushrooms  such as  cremini  or  porcini , chopped 
 1 tbsp minced  garlic 
 1 to 3 jalapeño chiles, seeded and chopped, or to taste 
 1 14½ oz can  black beans , drained and rinsed 
 1 tsp chipotle powder or chipotle en adobo, or to taste 
 ground  cumin  to taste 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 3 tbsp chopped  cilantro 
 6 whole wheat flour  tortillas , one per quesadilla 
 about 1 cup grated low-fat or regular  cheddar  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Salsa : 
 Grill or broil the  pineapple  rings until lightly browned on both sides. 
 Chop into cubes, and mix with the remaining ingredients. 
 Refrigerate overnight to allow flavors to meld. 
 Quesadillas : 
 Heat the  oil  in a large skillet over medium heat, and sauté the  onion  and  mushrooms  until the  onion  begins to soften, for about 5 minutes. 
 Add the  garlic  and jalapeños, and continue to sauté for 1 minute more. 
 Add the  black beans , chipotle en adobo,  cumin ,  salt  and  pepper , and reduce the heat to low. 
 Cook, stirring, until heated through. 
 Add the  cilantro , and adjust seasonings to taste. 
 Place 1 tortilla on a flat surface, and spoon about ⅓ cup mushroom-bean mixture onto one-half of the tortilla. 
 Sprinkle on about 2 tablespoons of  cheese . 
 Fold the unfilled half over the filling, and set aside. 
 Repeat until the filling mixture is used up. 
 Spray a nonstick skillet with nonstick  cooking spray , and heat the skillet. 
 Heat the quesadillas on the filled sides until browned, for about 3 minutes. 
 Turn over, and brown the second sides. 
 Spray the skillet as needed with nonstick  cooking spray . 
 Place quesadillas on individual plates, and top generously with the salsa. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Quesadilla Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Chanterelle Recipes, Porcino Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Mango Recipes, Add category