Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish_Pizza

Ingredients
 
 6-8 servings
 
 1 1/2 cup flour
 Pinch salt
 1/2 teaspoon sugar
 1 tablespoon yeast
 Mozarella cheese
 2 fish fillet
 Ground garlic
 Ground ginger
 1 lemon
 4 ripe tomatoes
 1 large onion
 Black pepper
 1 bunch coriander leaves
 1/2 cup vegetable oil
 Steps
 For The Sauce. In a saucepan heat atleast 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil, add small chopped onions and stir, add 3 grated cloves of garlic and grated ginger and stir under low heat. As it slightly turns golden brown add in two blanched tomatoes and black pepper to your desirable amount and cover to simmer for 5minutes as you stir. It is ready put aside.
 For the Dough. In a ¼ cup of warm water stir in the yeast, sugar and ½ cup of flour and let it sit covered in heated environment for 15mins. You should observe that it would have formed bubbles, add the remaining flour and the salt and three tablespoons of vegetable oil. Knead the dough until soft and let it sit covered for 1½hours for it to rise.
 For the Fish. Cut the fish fillets into large chunks, add in grated garlic and ginger, black pepper, salt, and two teaspoons of oil. Mix the contents well to blend in with the fish and chill for 10-15 minutes. In a saucepan on high heat temperatures Add 2tablespoon of vegetable oil and carefully place the fish to smoke them. (the purpose of high heat is to ensure that the fish is not dried from the inside)Place aside and cut them into tiny pieces.
 Spread the dough using your hands until it slightly thin from the inside circumference and thick from the outside circumference and then spread the sauce evenly round the pastry
 
 Sprinkle through grated cheese, carefully place the two tomatoeS(sliced), put the fish and cover with cheese. Lastly add the plucked corriander leaves and bake at 400F for 20mins
 
 
 
 
Categories: Fish Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Flour Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Coriander, Vegetable Oil Recipes, Add category