Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Allo_Samosa


 
 Description : 
 Samosa is a fovourite tea time snack. The pastry is made from  flour  and fat and is filled with a mixture of  potatoes  and spices. Other vegetables can be added to  Potato  mixture.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2	 cups  flour 
 1/2	 teaspoon  salt , 
 4	 tablespoons  ghee  or  oil 
 4	 tablespoon  water , 
 4-5	 medium  potatoes , boiled in their jacket 
 4	 tablespoon  oil 
 1	 medium  Onion , finely chopped 
 1	 cup  Peas , shelled 
 1	 tablespoon  ginger , finely chopped 
 3	 tablespoon coriander, fresh, chopped 
 3	 tablespoon  water 
 1.5	 teaspoon  salt 
 1	 - green chilies fine chopped 
 1	 teaspoon  coriander seeds , ground 
 1	 teaspoon  garam masala 
 1	 teaspoon  cumin  seeds roasted & ground 
 1	 teaspoon  chilli powder 
 2	 tablespoon  lemon juice 
 -	 -  oil  for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 Sift the  flour  and  salt  into a bowl. Add the 4 tablespoons on  oil  and rub it in with your fingers until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs. 
 Slowly add about 4 tablespoons water- or a tiny bit more—and gather the dough into a stiff ball. 
 Empty the ball out on to clean work surface. Knead the dough for about 10 minutes or until it is smooth. Make a ball. Rub the ball with about 1/4 teaspoon  oil  and slip it into a plastic bag. Set aside for 30 minutes or longer. 
 Make the stuffing. Peel the  potatoes  and cut them into 1/4 inch dice. 
 Heat 4 tablespoons  oil  in a large frying pan over a medium flame. When hot, add the  Onion . Stir and fry until soft but not brown. Add the  Peas ,  ginger , green  chilli , fresh coriander ( cilantro ), and 3 tablespoons  water . 
 Cover, lower heat and simmer until  Peas  are cooked. Stir and add a little more  water  if the frying pan seems to dry out. 
 Add the diced  potatoes ,  salt ,  coriander seeds ,  garam masala , roasted  cumin ,  chilli powder  and  lemon juice . Stir gently to mix. Adjust the seasoning with  salt  and  pepper . Turn off the heat and allow the mixture to cool. 
 Knead the pastry dough again and divide it into six balls. Keep 5 covered while you work with the sixth. 
 Roll this ball out into a 7 inch (18 cm) round. Cut it into half with a sharp, pointed knife. Pick up one half and form a cone, making a 1/4 inch wide (5 mm), overlapping seam. Glue this seam together with a little  water . 
 Fill the cone with about 2 1/2 tablespoons of the  Potato  mixture. Close the top of the cone by sticking the open edges together with a little  water . Again, your seam should be about 1/4 inch (5 mm) wide. 
 Press the top seam down with the prongs of a fork or flute it with your fingers. Make another samosa from other half. Make 12 more samosas. 
 Heat about 2 to 3 inches of  oil  in a karahi for deep frying over a medium-low flame. You may use a small, deep, frying pan for frying. 
 When the  oil  is medium hot, put in as many samosas as the pan will hold in a single layer. 
 Fry slowly, turning the samosas frequently until they are golden brown and crisp. Drain on paper towel and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chile leaf Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Coriander seed Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Masala Recipes, Pakistani Recipes, Pakistani Snacks, Pea Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category