Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Or_Lam_Nok_Kho


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 dried  quail , matured until almost mouldy, divided into separate breast and leg parts, washed and put on a plate 
 7 round  eggplants 
 5 large  fresh green chilli peppers 
 1 stalk  lemon grass 
 3 straight-bulbed  spring onions 
 sa-kahn (an aromatic plant) cut into pieces about 5 cm long and 5 cm thick-about 10 pieces-washed 
 3 young  shoots rattan , cooked by being placed directly on a charcoal fire and peeled so as to leave only the soft part, which is to be cut into pieces 2 cm long and washed 
 1 bunch phak tam nin (a leafy green) picked over, keeping only the leaves and tops, which are to be washed 
 dill , washed and cut into pieces about 2 cm long 
 spring onion , the green parts, cut into pieces about 2 cm long and washed 
 sweet basil  leaves, washed 
 1 piece of crisp-fried  pork  skin, cut into squares of 5 cm and put on a plate 
 padek 
 salt 
 2  yards long beans , cut into pieces about 2 cm long 
 Directions : 
 Put 2 metal jugfuls (2 pints) of  water  in a pot and place it on the fire. 
 Add the prepared bird, the  eggplants , the  chilli peppers , the spring  onions , the  lemon grass , the so-kahn and  salt . 
 Cover and let it boil. 
 Add the padek in a padek basket suspended in the soup. 
 When the  eggplants  and the  chilli peppers  are done, spoon them out and pound them. 
 Put this mixture back in the pot. 
 When it returns to the boil add the phak toni nin and the yard- long beans . 
 When all is done, add the pieces of  pork  skin and the chopped  coriander leaves , taste and check the saltiness. 
 Serve in a bowl, garnished with the chopped spring  onion  leaves. 
 Accompany the dish with young  cucumbers  and older  eggplants  and other fresh vegetables (e.g. Salad leaves,  watercress , etc.). 
 
 
 
Categories: Laotian Soups, Quail Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Yard-long bean Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Dill Recipes, Pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Add category