Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Asian_Ginger_Beef_and_Vegetable_Stir-fry

Description 
 Asian Ginger Beef and Vegetable Stir-Fry  from the  Public Health Cookbook  by the Seattle & King County Public Health Cookbook—original source of recipe, public domain government resource
 
 Serves : 4 
 Ingredients 
 8 ounces beef  top round steak 
 ½ cup reduced-sodium  beef broth 
 3 tablespoons reduced-sodium  soy sauce 
 2 ½ teaspoons  cornstarch 
 1 teaspoon  sugar , white only 
 1 teaspoon grated fresh  ginger 
 non-fat  cooking spray 
 1 ¼ pounds fresh  asparagus  spears, trimmed and cut into 2-inch pieces (3 cups), or 3 cups small  broccoli  florets 
 1 ½ cup sliced fresh  mushrooms   or  (1 can mushrooms) 
 4  green onions , bias-sliced into 2-inch lengths (½ cup) 
 1 tablespoon cooking  oil 
 2 cups hot, cooked  rice  (optional) 
 Directions 
 Trim fat from beef. Thinly slice beef across the grain into bite-size strips then set aside. 
 To make it easier to thinly slice, wrap beef in plastic wrap and place in the freezer for 30 minutes before slicing. 
 In a small bowl, stir together the beef broth, soy sauce, cornstarch, sugar, and ginger; set aside. 
 Spray wok or large skillet with nonfat cooking spray and raise heat to medium-high heat. 
 Add asparagus or broccoli, mushrooms, and green onions. 
 Stir-fry for 3 to 4 minutes or until vegetables are crisp-tender. 
 Remove vegetables and set aside, keep warm. Carefully add the oil to wok or skillet. 
 Add beef; stir-fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until browned. 
 Push the beef to the sides of the wok or skillet then add the sauce in the center. 
 Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Return vegetables to the wok or skillet. 
 Stir all ingredients together to coat with sauce and heat through. Serve immediately over hot cooked rice. 
 
 
 
Categories: Asian Recipes, Asparagus Recipes, Beef topside Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Rice Recipes, Spice Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Beef Recipes, World Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Stir-fried Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Add category