Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Braised_Artichoke_Snack


 
 Description : 
 Makes 6 servings. It is true that lightly cooked artichokes can make a good wine taste odd, but in this case, the combination is a very happy one as they are thoroughly cooked. Prepare these  savory  artichokes the day before you plan to serve them, and refrigerate the cooked bases overnight, covered with their sauce.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  lemon , cut in half 
 6 large artichokes 
 4 tablespoons Jordan Extra Virgin  olive oil 
 1 small  Onion , diced 
 1  carrot , chopped 
 1 stalk  celery , chopped 
 1/2 head  garlic , unpeeled, roots cut off 
 1/2 tablespoon whole  black peppercorns 
 1  bay leaf 
 1/4 bunch  thyme 
 1/4 bunch  marjoram 
 1/4 bunch  parsley 
 1 tablespoon  tomato  paste 
 1/4 cup  flour 
 1/2 cup Jordan  Chardonnay 
 1-2 cups  water 
 salt 
 Directions : 
 Squeeze  lemon  into a bowl filled with cold  water . Pull all the outer leaves from each  artichoke  and cut off the stalk. Chop off the pale green inner leaves 1 inch above the base, and trim around the base with a sharp knife. Immediately drop each trimmed  artichoke  "cup" into bowl of  acidulated water  ( water  and  lemon juice ). 
 Heat  olive oil  in a large, heavy pot over medium heat. Add  onions ,  carrots  and  celery  and sauté until they begin to brown, 5 minutes. Add  garlic , peppercorns,  bay leaf ,  thyme ,  marjoram , and  parsley . Reduce heat and add  tomato  paste. Cook slowly to caramelize, about 15 minutes. 
 Pat artichokes dry with paper towels and add to vegetables. Sprinkle contents of pot with the  flour , stir to coat, and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Increase heat to high and deglaze with the wine and  water . (The finished sauce should be soupy in texture.) Mix well and cover with a plate or a small stainless steel pot lid that fits inside large pot to keep the artichokes submerged. When liquid begins to boil, reduce heat to simmer. Stir every few minutes so sauce does not stick to pot under the artichokes. Cook until a knife can just pierce the bottom of an  artichoke , about 30 minutes. Place the whole pot in an  ice   water  bath to stop cooking. 
 When mixture is cool, remove the fuzzy chokes from each  artichoke  bottom with a small spoon, being careful not to break the  artichoke  apart. Taste sauce and adjust the seasoning with  salt . Strain the braising liquid over the artichokes and keep refrigerated. 
 
 
 
Categories: Jordanian Recipes, Jordanian Snacks, Marjoram Recipes, Savory Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category