Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chinese_Shrimp_Balls

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 30 – 32 
 Ingredients : 
 ⅔ pound medium  shrimp , peeled, scored down the back, deveined, rinsed, and patted dry 
 ½ cup  water chestnuts , blanched in boiling water for 10 seconds, refreshed in cold water, drained, and patted dry 
 1 large  egg , lightly beaten 
 2 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 ¼ pound  thin rice stick noodles  (vermicelli) 
 safflower  or  corn oil  for deep-frying 
 plum  or duck sauce and hot mustard for dipping 
 Shrimp ball seasoning : 
 1½ tablespoons minced fresh  ginger 
 1½ tablespoons minced  scallions 
 1½ tablespoons  Chinese rice wine  or  sake 
 1 teaspoon toasted  sesame oil 
 ¾ teaspoon  salt 
 Directions : 
 In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, process the shrimp to a paste. 
 Transfer to a large bowl: add the water chestnuts, seasonings, egg white, and cornstarch. 
 Stir vigorously until a stiff paste forms. 
 Chill thoroughly. 
 With a towel draped over the hand that holds a sharp knife, cut the noodles into ½-inch lengths. 
 The towel prevents the noodles from flying around. 
 Spread evenly on a cookie sheet. 
 Shape scant teaspoonfuls of the shrimp mixture into balls, then roll in the noodle pieces, pressing lightly to coat. 
 Set on a cookie sheet. 
 Heat a wok or a deep skillet or saucepan over high. 
 Add the oil and heat to 375°F. 
 Deep-fry the shrimp balls in batches, turning them constantly, until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Remove with a handled strainer or a slotted spoon, drain briefly in a colander, then transfer to paper towels. 
 Between batches, skim the oil with a fine strainer, and reheat until hot. 
 Serve the shrimp balls warm with sauce and mustard. 
 To reheat, warm on a cookie sheet in a 375°F oven, about 10 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Chinese Meat Dishes, Shrimp Recipes, Water chestnut Recipes, Egg Recipes, Shaoxing wine Recipes, Sake Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Add category