Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/White_Chocolate_Bundt_Cake

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup (2 sticks) + 1 tbsp  butter , softened 
 2 cups + 2 tbsp  sugar 
 3 cups  flour 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 ¼ tsp  baking soda 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1½ tsp  vanilla extract 
 ½ tsp  almond extract 
 5  eggs , room temperature 
 4 oz  white chocolate , melted, still warm 
 4 oz  white chocolate chunks or chips , divided 
 1 cup  sour cream 
 4 oz  semisweet chocolate , melted and still warm 
 White chocolate ganache : 
 8 oz  white chocolate , coarsely chopped 
 ½ cup  whipping cream 
 Directions : 
 Heat oven to 350°F. 
 Coat a 10 – 12 cup fluted tube pan with 1 tbsp butter, then sprinkle with 2 tbsp sugar. 
 Into medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. 
 Put remaining 1 cup butter and 2 cups sugar in large bowl and cream with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. 
 Add extracts and eggs, one at a time, beating 20 seconds after each addition. 
 Slowly beat in the 4 oz melted white chocolate. 
 Scrape bowl done. 
 Add flour mixture to butter mixture in third, alternating with the sour cream. 
 Beat 45 seconds after each addition. 
 Place batter in prepared pan in 3 layers, separating each layer with some of the remaining 4 oz White chocolate chunks or chips. 
 Bake 55 – 60 minutes, or until done. 
 Top will be brown and a cake tester inserted into center will come out with a few crumbs on it. 
 Remove cake to a wire rack to cool for 15 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack and cool to room temperature. 
 White chocolate ganache : 
 While cake cools, make white chocolate ganache. 
 In a glass bowl covered with plastic wrap, heat white chocolate with cream on high in microwave oven in 30-second intervals, stirring after each interval, until smooth. 
 When ganache is done, let it cool about 10 minutes, then drizzle over cake in a decorative pattern. 
 Pour melted semisweet chocolate into a squeeze bottle and squeeze it over the white chocolate in a decorative pattern. 
 Transfer cake to serving platter. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, White chocolate Recipes, White chocolate chip Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Egg Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Add category