Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cr%C3%AApes_avec_Volaille_et_Pomme

Description : 
 Crêpes with poultry and apple
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  margarine  or  butter 
 3 tbsp  flour 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 2 cups  turkey  or  chicken broth 
 1½ cups finely cut up  chicken  or  turkey 
 ⅔ cup chopped  apple 
 1 medium stalk  celery , chopped (about ½ cup) 
 2 tbsp chopped  onion 
 seasoning such as  Old Bay  to taste 
 Crêpes : 
 1 cup  all purpose flour 
 ¼ tsp  baking powder 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 1¼ cups  milk 
 1  egg 
 1 tbsp melted  margarine  or  butter 
 Directions : 
 Crêpes : 
 Mix  flour ,  baking powder ,  salt . 
 Stir in remaining ingredients. 
 Beat with electric hand mixer until smooth. 
 Lightly  butter  a 7 or 8 inch skillet; heat over medium heat until bubbly, being careful not to burn the  butter . 
 For each crêpe, pour a scant quarter cup of batter into the skillet. 
 Immediately rotate the skillet until a thin film of batter covers the bottom. 
 Cook until light brown. 
 Run a wide spatula around the edge to loosen, then turn the crêpe and cook until the other side is light brown. 
 Stack crêpes on wax paper to prevent sticking. 
 Keep covered to prevent them from drying out. 
 Filling : 
 Heat  margarine  over low heat until melted. 
 Blend in  flour  and  salt . 
 Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is smooth and bubbly; remove from heat. 
 Stir in broth. 
 Heat to boiling, stirring constantly. 
 Boil and stir one minute. 
 Mix  chicken ,  apple ,  celery ,  onion  and ¾ cup of the thickend broth. 
 Place scant ¼ cup  chicken  mixture on center of each crêpe; roll up. 
 Place crêpes seam sides down in ungreased oblong baking dish, 13 x 9. 
 Pour remaining broth over crêpes. 
 Cook uncovered in 350°F oven until crêpes are hot, about 20 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Egyptian Meat Dishes, Crêpe Recipes, Apple Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Turkey stock and broth Recipes, Celery Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category