Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Polenta_Bites_with_Caramelized_Mushrooms


 
 Ingredients : 
 Polenta : 
 3 cups  heavy cream 
 2 cups  chicken stock   or  low sodium  chicken broth   or   vegetable broth 
 1 teaspoon  gray salt 
 ½ teaspoon fresh ground  nutmeg 
 1 cup  polenta 
 1 cup freshly grated  Parmesan cheese 
 freshly grated  Parmesan cheese , garnish (optional) 
 Mushrooms : 
 3 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil 
 ½ lb  cremini mushrooms   or   button mushrooms , cut into quarters 
 finely ground  salt 
 freshly ground coarse  black pepper 
 2 tablespoons  unsalted butter   or  unsalted  margarine   or  extra-virgin  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon minced  garlic 
 2 tablespoons minced  shallots 
 1 teaspoon chopped fresh  thyme  leaves 
 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed  lemon juice 
 ¾ cup dry  white wine 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  Italian parsley 
 Directions : 
 Polenta : 
 In a medium, heavy pot over high heat bring  cream , stock,  salt  and  nutmeg  to a boil. 
 Add polenta gradually, whisking constantly. 
 When mixture thickens, switch to wooden spoon and adjust the heat to maintain a bare simmer. 
 Cook stirring often, until thick, smooth and creamy,about 15 minutes. 
 Add Parmesan and stir. 
 Keep warm over low heat, stirring occasionally. 
 If polenta gets dry as it sits, stir in ¼ cup of warm stock or  cream . 
 Mushrooms : 
 In medium skillet over high heat, heat  olive oil . 
 When  oil  is hot, sprinkle in  mushrooms  in a single layer. 
 DO NOT STIR THEM! 
 Let them sizzle until they have caramelized on the bottom, 2 minutes. 
 When the bottoms are caramelized toss them once and season with  salt  and  pepper , to taste. 
 Continue to cook with out stirring for 5 minutes. 
 Season again, with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Add  butter  or  margarine  or  olive oil  and add shallots; cook for 3 minutes. 
 Continue to cook until  garlic  turns brown. 
 Do not burn the  garlic ! 
 Add the  thyme  and cook for 10 seconds. 
 Add  lemon juice  and wine. 
 Cook until the  mushrooms  are glazed with the sauce. 
 Add  parsley  then stir and remove from heat. 
 Place 1 tablespoon of warm polenta onto a spoon. 
 Place ½ teaspoon of  mushroom  mixture on the polenta. 
 Garnish with a sprinkle of Parmesan. 
 Serve at once. 
 
 
 
Categories: Californian Appetizers, White mushroom Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Polenta Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, White wine Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category