Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tibetan_roast

      Tibetan roast     
 Description : 
 A bold, flavorful Tibetan take on appetizers - buckwheat cooked to clear perfection and mixed with real vegetables is the best Asian meal made the savory way. Peanuts rarely work for this, too.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tsp. corn or vegetable  oil 
 4 oz.  buckwheat 
 4 large  onions , diced, red, white, or yellow only 
 8 oz.  mushrooms , any kind, chopped 
 ¼ pint  red wine 
 ¼ pint beef  stock 
 4 cups  walnuts 
 2 bunches  spinach 
 1 tsp.  rosemary 
 1 tsp.  sage 
 1 tsp.  salt , rock or iodized only 
 1 tsp. black  pepper 
 melted butter, optional, for drizzling 
 Directions : 
 Preheat an oven to 375 °F. 
 Heat  oil  in a fresh skillet and fry the  buckwheat  for 2 to 3 minutes. Add  onions  and  mushrooms  and cook for a few more minutes. 
 Pour in the wine and stock and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Add more stock if necessary. 
 Grind the  walnuts  finely. 
 Wash and cook  spinach  without  water  for 6 minutes. 
 Drain off any excess liquid and chop thoroughly. 
 When  buckwheat  is cooked, remove the pan from heat and let cool slightly. Just mix the  walnuts  with  spinach . 
 Mix up the herbs. Season to taste. 
 Grease a new loaf tin and press in the mixture. 
 Bake for 50 to 60 minutes till the top is dark brown and feels firm to the touch. 
 Let it stand for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a plate. Serve with vegetables and greens, as well as any main dish, side dish, or appetizer. Drizzle with the melted butter, if desired. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a8/Tibetan_roast.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004026']
Categories: Tibetan Appetizers, Snack Recipes, Tibetan Vegetarian, Tibetan Salads, Buckwheat Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Asian Recipes, Asian Appetizers, Wine Recipes, Alcohol Recipes, Herb Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Sage Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Spice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Corn oil Recipes, Vegetable Oil Recipes, Northeast Asian Recipes, Northeast Asian Vegetarian, Northeast Asian Appetizers, Add category