Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gibanica

      Gibanica     
 Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   Dough 
 1.2   Filling 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Dough 
 2.2   Filling 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 8 cups  flour 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 1 ts  salt 
 ½ pt  sour cream 
 2 cup  milk  (about); scalded 
 2 oz  yeast 
 3  egg yolks ; beaten 
 ¼ lb  sweet butter 
 Filling : 
 1½ lb  ground nuts 
 1 tbsp  honey 
 3  egg whites 
 1 cup  sugar 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 1 cup heavy  milk  or  cream 
 ⅓ cup  sweet butter 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 Dissolve  yeast  in about 2 teaspoons  sugar  and ½ cup warm  water ; let stand until it bubbles. 
 Sift  flour  in large bowl and add  salt  and ½ cup  sugar . 
 In another bowl beat 3  egg  yolks, 1 teaspoon  vanilla  and sour  cream ; add  yeast ; add scalded  milk  and  sweet butter  which was added to the  milk  and cooled. 
 Add this to the  flour  bowl and knead to a soft silky dough, not sticky. 
 Let rise in a greased bowl until double in bulk. 
 Make sure the dough is soft as it has to stretch. 
 On floured cloth roll dough to about ¼ to ½ inch in thickness; stretch gently so it won't break. 
 Stretch oblong about 30 x 20 inches (use rolling pin if necessary) and fill with following filling. 
 Filling : 
 Scald milk with  butter . 
 In bowl add  ground nuts , honey,  vanilla ,  sugar  and scant of  salt  (that's what it says! -km), then add scaled  milk  with  butter . 
 Mix, then add stiffly beaten  egg  whites. 
 If thick, add a little more  milk . 
 Spread on dough like you would for nut roll and roll like a jelly roll (make as sweet as desired). 
 Grease roasting pan 4 to 6 inches in depth and fill pan; start at one edge of pan; make a "u" shape. 
 Do not cut if roll is longer; turn again. 
 Brush with  milk . 
 Prick with knife on top for air bubbles. 
 Let stand 1 hour. 
 Bake at 350°F for 1 hour. 
 Take out and brush with  butter . 
 Let cool, then flop it on a cloth and place it on a rack to cool. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/67/240708409.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004317']
Categories: Wheat flour Recipes, Croatian Desserts, Nut meal Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Honey Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category