Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cook_up_(with_Only_Chicken)

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 This is a main stay, well one of the main stays of Kittitan cooking. (dish from St. Kitts) I haven't personally made it in years, but my sister does these days, so I'm getting her to post it here for me. Now this dish is meant for scaling. You can reduce or add as much as you want of some (most) of the ingredients. This dish has been made for two people all the way up to 45 people. Everyone makes it a little different according to their taste like more dishes in the world. Let's get started. 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 1/2 cups enriched long  grain   rice  (non quick cook  rice ) 
 3 Maggi  garlic  and  Onion  cubes 
 4 Maggi vegetable cubes 
 2 Maggi  Chicken  cubes 
 1 (0.25 ounce) packet sazon with coriander and annatto 
 1 large white  Onion 
 2 lbs  Chicken  backs and necks 
 2 lbs  Chicken  wings 
 1 lb  Chicken  livers 
 2 stalks  celery 
 1 1/2 teaspoons cloves 
 4 tablespoons chief green seasoning 
 1/4 cup dried  chives 
 salt  and  pepper   
mccormick season all seasoning  salt   
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 1 1/2 cups  Lentils . 
 Dice  Onion  and  celery . 
 Cleave wings at their joints, and clean (Do not remove skin). 
 Clean and chop liver. 
 After  Chicken  is cleaned and cleaved, place in a bowl along with the liver and evenly coat with Season All. 
 Using a 2 gallon heavy aluminum or cast iron pot with secure lid, fill half way with  water  and add all ingredients minus  rice . 
 Let cook until  Chicken  has taken on the color of the surrounding  water  and is cooked through. 
 Add  rice , cover pot and turn heat to low. 
 Stir occasionally until  water  beings to dissipate then cover for the last time and let cook till  rice  resembles Jumbalia consistency. 
 Or in other words, until  rice  is cooked but still has a wet texture. 
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Caribbean Meat Dishes, Cereals Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chives Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Add category