Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bahamian-style_Conch_Fritters

Description : 
 A friend of mine, Debbie, is from the Bahamas and she gave me this recipe. This is a traditional Bahamian recipe that is made with  conch , the wonderful shellfish that is delicious but not so easy to find outside of the Bahamas. We, here in South Florida, are very close to Key West; the  Conch  Republic. These fritters are great as appetizers, finger foods or very tasty hors d'oeuvres to accompany your favorite  rum  punch or tropical drink!  Conch  can be replaced with any seafood. Make this batter with  calamari ,  shrimp , imitation crab meat and lobster & see how awesome it turns out. Read about  conch  on the web, it's interesting. BEWARE - these are HOT.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Fritters : 
 1 quarts  oil  (for frying) 
 ¾ cup all-purpose  flour 
 1  egg 
 ½ cup  milk 
 ground  cayenne pepper , to taste 
 red pepper flakes , to taste 
 seasoning  salt , to taste 
 salt , to taste (optional) 
 ground  black pepper , to taste 
 1 cup chopped  conch 
 ½  onion , chopped 
 ¼  green bell pepper , chopped fine 
 ¼  yellow bell pepper , chopped fine 
 ¼  red bell pepper , chopped fine 
 2 stalks  celery , chopped fine 
 2  garlic  cloves, chopped fine 
 Dipping Sauce : 
 2 tablespoons  ketchup 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lime juice , no subs 
 1 tablespoon  mayonnaise 
 1 teaspoon  Tabasco sauce   or  1 teaspoon  Pickapeppa sauce 
 salt , to taste 
 fresh ground  black pepper , to taste 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  oil  in large pot or deep fryer to 365 °F (185 °C). 
 In a bowl, mix the  flour ,  egg  and  milk . 
 Season with  cayenne pepper , seasoning  salt ,  salt ,  pepper  and  red pepper flakes . 
 Mix in the  conch  meat,  onion ,  red  and  yellow  and  green pepper ,  celery  and  garlic . 
 Drop the batter by rounded tablespoons into the hot  oil  and fry until golden brown. BE CAREFUL! 
 Remove the basket or with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. 
 Now, is the time to slightly season, again. 
 In a bowl, mix the  ketchup ,  lime juice ,  mayonnaise ,  hot sauce ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Serve dipping sauce on the side with the fritters. 
 Enjoy! 
 
 
 
Categories: Bahamian Appetizers, Fritter Recipes, Celery Recipes, Conch Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red bell pepper Recipes, Seafood appetizer Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Add category