Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roasted_Garlic_Steak

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Diabetic Living Diet 
 Prep time: 15 minutes | Cook time: 30 minutes | Total time: 45 minutes 
 Servings: 6 
 Ingredients : 
 1 whole bulb  garlic 
 3 tsp fresh  basil 
 1 tbsp  rosemary 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1½ lb beef, boneless  round steak 
 1 tsp cracked  black pepper 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 Directions : 
 Using a sharp knife, cut off the top ½ inch from each garlic bulb to expose the ends of the individual cloves. 
 Leaving garlic bulb(s) whole, remove any loose, papery outer layers. 
 Fold a 20x18-inch piece of heavy foil in half crosswise. 
 Trim into a 10-inch square. 
 Place garlic bulb(s) cut sides up in center of foil square. 
 Sprinkle garlic with basil and rosemary and drizzle with oil. 
 Bring up 2 opposite edges of foil and seal with a double fold. 
 Fold remaining edges together to enclose garlic, leaving space for steam to build. 
 For a charcoal grill, place garlic packet on the rack of an uncovered grill directly over medium coals. 
 Grill about 30 minutes or until garlic feels soft when packet is squeezed, turning garlic occasionally. 
 Meanwhile, trim fat from steaks. 
 Sprinkle pepper and salt evenly over both sides of steaks; rub in with your fingers. 
 While garlic is grilling, add steaks to grill. 
 Grill until desired doneness, turning once halfway through grilling.
 For ribeye steaks, allow 11 to 15 minutes for medium rare (145°F) and 14 to 18 minutes for medium (160°F). 
 For sirloin steak, allow 14 to 18 minutes for medium rare (145°F) and 18 to 22 minutes for medium (160°F) (for a gas grill, preheat grill. Reduce heat to medium. Place garlic, then steaks on grill rack over heat. Cover and grill as above). 
 To serve, cut steaks into 6 serving-size pieces. 
 Remove garlic from foil, reserving the oil mixture. 
 Squeeze garlic pulp from each clove onto steaks. 
 Mash pulp slightly with a fork; spread over steaks. 
 Drizzle with the reserved oil mixture. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 189 Calories | 9g Total Fat | 2g Saturated Fat | 139mg Sodium | 4g Carbs | 0g Dietary Fiber | 0g Sugars | 52mg Cholesterol | 22g Protein 
 Exchanges: 3 lean meat | ½ fat 
 Carb choices: ½ 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Beef round Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Basil Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Add category