Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Basic_Dog_Broth

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Contributed by 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 ½ kilos meaty  Beef  bones 
 ½ cup  water 
 1 cup baby  cabbage  chopped 
 1 cup  celery  chopped 
 1 cup  carrots  chopped 
 ¼ cup  tomato  paste or blended  tomatoes  (about 3 – 4  tomatoes ) 
 4 strings  parsley 
 salt 
 2 liters 
 Directions : 
 Put the  Beef  bones in a big roasting pan and roast them during 1 hour. Turn them every so often so they brown on all sides. Once done, drain out the fat. Put the roaster on the stovetop burner and turn the stove on at medium heat. Add in ½ cup of  water  and loosen up the meat from roaster. Make sure to loosen all the browned bits left on the roaster. Keep all these drippings.chef cooking dog treats 
 In a large pot, heat up the  oil  over medium heat. Add in the baby  cabbage ,  celery , and the  carrots , cook the baby  cabbage  too until they are transparent, make sure to stir constantly. Add in the roasted  Beef  bones, the reserved dripping from the roaster,  tomato  paste,  parsley ,  salt , and the  water . Bring all these ingredients to a boil over high heat and let it simmer covered for 2 hours. 
 To use as a broth, strain the whole mixture, let it cool, and refrigerate. Take off any fat from the surface and either refrigerate this or freeze it. 
 To make soup, take out the  Beef  bones, and pour the vegetables over some kibbles. 
 Contributed by : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Add category