Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gluten-free_Buckwheat_Beer


 
 Description : 
 Some brands of  rice  extract contain gluten. Please read the label carefully before using.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 lbs malted  buckwheat  (recipe follows) 
 1 cup  corn sugar 
 1 oz Saaz hops 
 2 oz Hallertauer Hersbrucker hops 
 6 lb  rice syrup  *** 
 1 pkg. ale  yeast  (EDME) 
 Directions : 
 Put crushed malted  buckwheat  into strainer bag, add to 1½ gallons of  water  in brewpot. 
 Keep  buckwheat  in brewpot, stirring, until  water  starts boiling. 
 Remove  buckwheat  and add  rice syrup ,  corn   sugar  and ½ ounce each of the Saaz and Hallertauer hops. 
 Boil for 30 minutes and add ¼ ounce each of the Saaz and Hallertauer hops. 
 Boil for 15 minutes and add another ¼ ounce of each type of hops. 
 Boil for another 15 minutes to make a total boiling time of 1 hour, then let the remaining 1 ounce Hallertauer hops steep in the wort for 2 minutes. 
 Strain into your fermenter and pitch  yeast  when cooled. 
 This " beer " will ferment for longer than most ales, for about 10 days. 
 Add ¾ cup  corn   sugar  for bottling, and let the  beer  age for at least 1 week before drinking. 
 Instructions for malting  buckwheat : 
 Luckily, this is a pretty simple process. First, obtain raw (that is, uncooked and untoasted)  buckwheat  from a health food store or co-op. 
 Rinse about and let it sit for 30-48 hrs completely submerged in  water , rinsing it off every 8 hours or so. 
 The  buckwheat  will expand as it soaks up some of the  water  and also produce a sticky oily substance which should be rinsed off. 
 Now put the  buckwheat  into a strainer or fine-mesh colander and let it sit in the open air in a cool dark place, rinsing off every 8 hours to prevent mold. 
 After 1 day you will see rootlets forming. 
 Let the  buckwheat  sit in the open air for about 2 days, or until some of the rootlets are about twice as long as the  grain  bodies. 
 Spread the  buckwheat  out in a thin layer on several cookie sheets and bake in a 200-250 degree oven until the  buckwheat  becomes hard and crunchy (and tastes remarkably like grape- nuts ) at this point you may increase the temperature and make dark-roasted  buckwheat , for darker-colored beers. 
 Use a rolling pin or a glass jar to crush the  buckwheat . 
 
 
 
Categories: Gluten-free Recipes, Brown rice syrup Recipes, Buckwheat Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Beer Recipes, Corn Recipes, Rice Recipes, Add category