Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Spaghetti_Dinner

Description : 
 This recipe is from Betty Crocker, I first made it over 25 years ago and it is still a family favorite. I made it tonight and oh my house smells so good...here it is.
 The original name is Chicken Confetti.  I don't know why, it doesn't look like confetti. When my girls were little they called it chicken spaghetti, works for me.
 For diabetics: Lightly pack a one cup measuring cup with spaghetti and then pour it onto your dinner plate, it will surprise you how much more it looks like on the plate than it does in the cup. At least it did for me. A cup of pasta plus sauce and chicken; both of which are carb free, plus salad will be a complete and satisfying meal. The sauce, chicken and salad will not affect your blood sugar, the dressing on the salad might, so go gently there.  Enjoy!   Lynn
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 4 to 5 pounds broiler-fryer  chicken , cut-up  (these days I use the boneless skinless breasts) 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ⅛ tsp  pepper 
 2 - 3 tbsp  olive  or  canola oil 
 1 - 2 cloves  garlic 
 ½ cup chopped  sweet onion 
 1 can (8 oz)  tomato sauce 
 1 can (6 oz)  tomato paste 
 2 cans (15 oz) chopped  tomatoes 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 tsp  basil 
 ½ pound uncooked  spaghetti 
 grated  Parmesan  /  romano  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Wash and pat dry chicken pieces. 
 Season with salt and pepper if desired, and brown in large skillet in hot oil. 
 Remove chicken, pour off all but 3 tbsp of fat. 
 Saute onion and garlic til tender, return chicken to pan and add tomato products, parsley, and basil. 
 I usually add oregano also and some salt. 
 Cover tightly and simmer very gently for 1½ hours for large bone in chicken pieces, less for boneless, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear. 
 Do not cook at a hard boil or the chicken will be very tough and dry. 
 You want to simmer it very gently and just poach it. 
 You may need to add a little water if sauce gets too thick. 
 Taste after an hour and correct seasonings if needed. 
 Enjoy with fresh Italian bread and green salad. 
 Nutritional information : 
 ½ cup of pasta = 15 grams of carbs = one serving. 2 servings is a good amount for a lunch or dinner meal along with the chicken, and salad and a vegetable.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Chicken Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Spaghetti Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Romano Recipes, Add category