Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tortilla

      Tortillas     
 Contents 
 
 1   About tortillas 
 2   Flour tortillas 
 3   Corn tortillas 
 4   Tortilla Recipes 
 
 
 About tortillas : 
 A Mexican tortilla is unleavened round bread that is thin and flat. They are made from corn or wheat flour and baked on a griddle called a comal. The tortilla, which is similar to a sandwich, can be eaten plain or used as a food wrap for other foods, such as meat, poultry, seafood, cheese, beans, onions and peppers. Different sizes are available and they can be found in most grocery stores and ethnic markets. 
 Spanish tortillas are quite different from the Mexican tortilla in that they are a thin omelet containing potatoes, and other ingredients, such as onions, peppers, mushrooms, asparagus and tuna. 
 Flour tortillas : 
 The flour tortilla is probably best known as the tortilla used to make burritos, a dish originating in northern Mexico. Wheat tortillas have also become a staple of the peoples of northwestern Mexican states (such as Sonora and Chihuahua) and many southwestern US Native American tribes. 
 
 Corn tortillas : 
 Corn tortillas are commonly eaten throughout the western world as tortilla chips, and are an essential ingredient in many popular Mexican and dishes such as enchiladas, tostadas, and flautas. Tacos, while commonly made with corn tortillas in Mexico, are made with either maize or wheat tortillas in the US.
 Maize tortillas are known in the Basque region of Spain as talo and were a traditional Basque farmers' staple until the introduction of railborne wheat flour suitable for bread. There are maize tortillas in other regions of Northern Spain, such as Asturias, where they are called frixuelos, and Galicia, where they receive the name of filloas.
 
 Tortilla Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/20/Tortillas.gif/revision/latest?cb=20080516004636']
Categories: Mexican Food Glossary, Spanish Food Glossary, Add category