Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Belgian_Truffle_Cheesecake

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Other Links 
 3.2   See Also 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Belgian Truffle Cheesecake, one of the finest desserts served in Belgium and over the world. Requires good cooking skills but it's all worth it when you taste it !
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the Crust:
 
 200g/7oz  plain chocolate 
 75g/3oz  butter , melted 
 225g/8oz Digestive Biscuits or Wafer cookies, crushed 
 For the Filling:
 
 225g/8oz  caster sugar 
 250g/9oz  cream cheese 
 4  eggs 
 90ml/3fl.oz.  hazelnut  Liqueur 
 8 squares  plain chocolate 
 120ml/4fl.oz.  sour cream 
 For the Topping:
 
 240ml/8fl.oz.  sour cream 
 Grated  plain chocolate 
 icing sugar 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat the oven to 180C, 350F, Gas Mark 4.
 2. Melt the  butter  and chocolate in a medium saucepan then add the biscuit crumbs and mix well. Press the mixture evenly over bottom and up sides of a 22cm/9-inch springform tin to within 1cm/1/2-inch of the top. Refrigerate while preparing filling.
 3. Place the  chocolate  in a heatproof bowl and set over a pan of boiling  water . Stir to melt.
 4. In a large mixing bowl, beat together the  cream cheese  and  Sugar  until well blended and smooth.
 5. Add the  eggs  one at a time, beating well between each addition.
 5. Beat in the liqueur and melted  chocolate  until well mixed then blend in the  sour cream .
 6. Pour onto the crumb base, smooth top with a palette knife and bake for 45 to 55 minutes or just until the centre has just set. Cool in the tin on a wire rack, then refrigerate for 8 hours.
 7. To serve: run sharp knife around the edge of cake to loosen then remove the sides of the tin. Spread the top of the cake with an even layer of  sour cream  and decorate with grated  chocolate  and sprinkle with  icing sugar .
 
 Other Links : 
 See Also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Belgian Desserts, Belgian Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Dark chocolate Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Hazelnut Recipes, Add category