Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Persian_Omelet

Description : 
 The herbs and  nuts  add wonderful texture and taste to this omelet. We served in bite sized pieces as an appetizer. Can also sprinkle  Parmesan cheese  over before putting under broiler to finish. from Cooking for Diabetics. Makes 8 meal size portions or 30 bite size appetizers. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil  or  sunflower oil 
 2  leeks , finely chopped 
 12 ounces fresh  spinach , washed and chopped  or  5 ounces thawed frozen chopped  spinach , squeezed dry 
 12  eggs 
 8  scallions , finely chopped 
 ¼ cup fresh  parsley , fine chopped 
 ¼ - ½ cup fresh  cilantro , chopped 
 2 sprigs fresh  tarragon , chopped or 1/2 teaspoon dried  tarragon 
 ¼ cup fresh  chives , chopped 
 1 sprig fresh  dill , chopped or 1/4 teaspoon dried  dill 
 2 - 4 sprigs fresh  mint , chopped 
 ⅓ cup  walnuts  or  pecans , chopped 
 ½ cup  pine nuts 
 sea salt 
 ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in a large, shallow pan that can be used under the broiler. 
 Add the  leeks  and fry them gently for about 5 minutes, until they are just beginning to soften. 
 If using fresh  spinach , add it to the pan containing the  leeks  and cook for 2 to 3 minutes over medium heat, until  spinach  has just wilted. 
 Beat the  eggs  with a whisk, in a large bowl. 
 Add the  leek  and  spinach  mixture (or the  leeks  with the thawed frozen  spinach ), then stir in the scallions, with all the herbs and  nuts . 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Pour the mixture into the pan and cover with a lid or foil. 
 Cook over very gently heat for 25 minutes, or until set. 
 Remove the lid and brown the top under a hot broiler. 
 Serve cut into 8 wedges with a green salad, or serve cut into small bite sized pieces as an appitizer. 
 Can be served hot or cold. 
 
 
 
Categories: Persian Appetizers, Omelet Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Leek Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category