Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Carrot_Sformati_with_Basil-Mascarpone_Cream

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Sformati 
 4 Tbs.  butter 
 
 1/4 cup  all-purpose flour 
 
 2 cups whole  milk , heated 
 
 1 lb.  carrots , peeled and trimmed 
 
 2 shallots, finely chopped 
 
 2 large  eggs  plus 2  egg yolks 
 
 3 Tbs. freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano 
 
 Freshly ground  nutmeg  to taste 
 
 1/2 tsp.  sea salt  plus to taste 
 
 Freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 
 1/4 cup dried breadcrumbs 
 
 3 cups  mesclun  greens 
 
 2 Tbs. extra virgin  olive oil 
 
 Splash  red wine vinegar 
 
 Basil- mascarpone   cream 
 1/2 cup  mascarpone 
 
 Juice of 1/2  lemon 
 
 1 1/2 Tbs. finely chopped fresh  basil 
 
 2 to 3 Tbs. whole  milk , or as needed to thin 
 
 sea salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 1. To make Sformati: Melt  butter  in saucepan over low heat. When it stops foaming, add  flour , and stir with wooden spoon to make smooth paste. Cook, stirring continuously, until mixture turns light golden, for 2 to 3 minutes. Add hot  milk  at once, whisking to make smooth paste.
 Increase heat to medium-high and, when mixture comes to a slow boil, cook for 2 minutes more, gently whisking around entire bottom of pan. Remove from heat, pour into bowl and press square of plastic wrap directly onto surface. Set aside to cool completely, about 1 hour.
 2. Meanwhile, chop  carrots , and steam until tender, about 15 minutes. Spray nonstick skillet with nonstick  cooking spray , and sauté shallots over medium-high heat until softened and lightly browned, for about 3 minutes. Purée  carrots  and shallots in food processor fitted with metal blade for about 2 minutes, scraping down sides at least once.
 3. Preheat oven to 400F. Spray insides of 8 half-cup timbale cups or a 41/2-cup ring mold with nonstick  cooking spray . Dust surface with breadcrumbs.
 4. Remove plastic wrap from  milk  mixture, and stir in  eggs ,  yolks , Parmigiano-Reggiano,  nutmeg , 1/2 teaspoon  salt  and  pepper . Stir in  carrot  mixture. Fill cups or mold with mixture, and place into roasting pan. Transfer to oven, and fill pan with hot  water  two-thirds of way up sides of cups or mold.
 5. Bake for 45 minutes for cups, about 1 hour 15 minutes for mold, or until toothpick inserted in center comes out dry. If sformati start to brown too quickly, cover with foil and continue cooking. Remove from oven, and set aside to cool for 20 minutes.
 6. Meanwhile, to make Basil- mascarpone   cream : Blend  mascarpone ,  lemon juice  and  basil . Thin to desired consistency with  milk . Add  salt  and  pepper , and set aside.
 7. To serve, toss greens in bowl with  olive oil ,  vinegar ,  salt  and  pepper . Run knife around inside edges of molds, and turn sformati out onto individual salad plates. Garnish with greens and dollop of Basil- mascarpone   cream . 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Mascarpone Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Spring salad mix Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category