Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rice_and_Beans_with_Sauce_and_Tasso


 
 Ingredients : 
 8 ounces dry  kidney beans 
 4 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 bulb  shallot , minced 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 cup uncooked  long-grain white rice 
 2  bay leaves 
 1 tsp  adobo  seasoning (optional) 
 1 tbsp  kosher salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 ¼ tsp ground  cloves 
 3 sprigs fresh  parsley 
 3 sprigs fresh  thyme 
 1  scotch bonnet pepper 
 1 tsp  curry  powder 
 1 tbsp Lilli  butter  (Haitian  butter ) 
 Sauce : 
 1 can whole  tomatoes  and juice 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp  black pepper 
 1  onion  chopped 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 cups  water 
 1 can  tomato paste 
 Tasso : 
 2 lbs of  beef   or   goat meat  cut into small chunks 
 ½ cup  orange juice 
 ¼ cup  lime   or   lemon juice 
 ½ cup  vegetable oil 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1 tsp finely chopped  parsley 
 Directions : 
 Place  beans  in a large pot, and cover with 3 inches of  water . 
 Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 1½ hours, or until tender. 
 Drain the  beans , and reserve the liquid. 
 Heat  oil  in a large skillet over medium heat. 
 Sauté  shallot  and  garlic  until fragrant. 
 Stir in cooked  beans , and cook for 2 minutes. 
 Measure reserved liquid, and add  water  to equal 5 cups; stir into skillet. 
 Stir in the uncooked  rice . 
 Season with  bay leaves , adobo seasoning,  salt ,  pepper , lily  butter   curry  and cloves. 
 Place sprigs of  parsley  and  thyme , and  scotch bonnet pepper  on top, and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 18 to 20 minutes. 
 Remove  thyme ,  parsley , and  scotch bonnet pepper  to serve. 
 Sauce : 
 Combine  tomatoes ,  salt ,  oil  and  pepper . 
 Cover with a tight fitting lid. 
 Add  tomato  paste and  onions  then, cook 5 minutes then add  water  and cook for another 10 minutes then, reduce heat to low. 
 Tasso : 
 Add all ingredients in a large bowl, except for the  vegetable oil . 
 Let it marinate for at least 3–4 hours. 
 Transfer meat mixture into a cooking pot. 
 Add  water  to cover. 
 Heat to boiling and reduce heat. 
 Simmer covered until meat is very tender. 
 Fry meat in a large frying pan, until golden brown. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Goat Recipes, Kidney bean Recipes, Lime Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Scotch bonnet Recipes, Scotch Recipes, Add category