Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gobi_Machurian


 
 Description : 
 Cauliflower in a spicy sauce
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 medium-sized  cauliflower  broken into florets 
 2 tbsp cooking  oil 
 2 tbsp chopped  spring onions 
 1 tbsp finely chopped  garlic 
 1 tbsp finely chopped  ginger 
 1 tbsp finely copped  green chili 
 ½ tbsp  corn flour  mixed with 2 tbsp of  water 
 salt , to taste 
 2 tbsp  soy sauce 
 2 tbsp  tomato - chili sauce 
 ½ cup of  water 
 Batter : 
 ½ cup  all-purpose flour 
 ¼ cup  corn flour 
 ¼ tsp red  chili powder 
 salt , to taste 
 Directions : 
 Combine together  all-purpose flour ,  corn flour , red  chili powder ,  salt  and a little bit of  water  to form a batter thick enough to coat each  cauliflower  floret. 
 Heat the  oil  in a pan and deep fry florets till golden brown. Set aside. 
 Heat 2 tablespoons of  oil  in a pan. Add the spring  onions ,  ginger ,  garlic  and green chilies. Fry for a minute till fragrant and then add  pepper , soy sauce, tomato- chili sauce  and  salt . 
 Cook for a minute and add the  corn flour  and  water  mixture. Add a little  water  and let simmer till the sauce becomes thick. 
 Add the fried  cauliflower  florets and cook for another 2–3 minutes. 
 Garnish with chopped spring  onions  and  coriander leaves . 
 Recipe by Hooked on Heat : 
 The blog created by Meenakshi Agarwal is filled with, as the blogger says, lots of spice and everything nice. The pleasant design of the blog is matched by a huge variety of unique content – something you can rarely say about websites or blogs today – facts which make Hooked on Heat a valuable resource for anyone interested in Indian food. 
 Here you will find information on hundreds of Indian dishes, starting from Dips, Sauces and Chutneys, going through Soups and Salads and passing through Delectable Desserts and other food categories that will make your mouth  water . You can reach this wealth of information at the following URL:  hookedonheat.blogspot.com 
 
       Hooked on Heat Blog     
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a7/Hookedonheat.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/500?cb=20080516004853']
Categories: Cauliflower Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Hooked on Heat, Indian Vegetarian, Recipes that need photos, Add category