Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ajlouk_Qura%27a

Description : 
 Tunisian mashed-zucchini salad. In this Tunisian salad (pronounced aj-LUKE coo-rah-AH), served as an appetizer with bread, the rich flavoring lifts the blandness of zucchini. Harissa, a spicy North African sauce made with chile peppers and garlic, is available in specialty markets. You can use a good pinch of ground chile pepper instead. (Begin with a small dash--you can always add more.)
 I pull this out every summer. Its a great way to use up zucchini!!! We grill the zuchs soft with the garlic, then follow the recipe. We eliminated the salt, replaced the carraway with cumin seeds, doubled the harissa and garlic. Works well with summer squash too.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes For Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 From:  Cooking Light , OCTOBER 2001 
 Formatted by Chupa Babi in MC: 10.15.01 
 Yield: 8 servings (serving size: ¼ cup and 1½ teaspoons cheese) 
 Ingredients : 
 1¼ pounds  zucchini , cut into 1-inch-thick slices 
 1 tablespoon fresh  lemon juice 
 1 tablespoon extra-virgin  olive oil 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  caraway seeds 
 ½ teaspoon  ground coriander 
 ½ teaspoon  harissa 
 1  garlic  clove, crushed 
 ¼ cup (2 ounces) crumbled  feta  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Place zucchini in a large saucepan; cover with water to 1 inch above zucchini. 
 Bring to a boil, and cook 20 minutes or until zucchini is very tender. 
 Drain. 
 While zucchini is still in colander, coarsely mash zucchini with a fork; drain. 
 Combine juice and next 6 ingredients (juice through garlic) in a bowl; stir with a whisk. 
 Add zucchini; toss well. 
 Sprinkle with cheese. 
 Serve with pita bread. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per 1 pint:
 
 Calories 39 (65% from fat) | fat 2.8g (sat 1g,mono 1.5g,poly 0.2g) | protein 1.6g | cholesterol 4mg | calcium 37mg | sodium 201mg | fiber 1g | iron 0.4mg | carbohydrate 2.7g 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Tunisian Appetizers, Tunisian Salads, Feta Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Add category