Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chillo_al_Ajillo


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 Red  Snapper  filets (fresh or thawed in the refrigerator). 
 1 teaspoonful of ground  garlic  for every 4 filets 
 olive oil  or any frying  oil 
 green peppers  and  onions , sliced 
 lemon  or  lime  slices 
 Directions : 
 Add just enough  oil  to lightly cover the bottom of a shallow frying pan. Keep the  oil  handy to add more as needed. 
 Warm the  oil  over medium-high heat. Add the ground  garlic  and stir-fry for around a minute. 
 Add the filets. Place the slices of  Onion  and  peppers  on top of the filets. Let the filets cook no more than four minutes. Lower the heat to medium. Cover the frying pan and allow to cook another two or three minutes. 
 Remove the cover carefully. There may be condensed  water  or steam in the underside of the cover. Brush the  onions  and  peppers  off the filets and into the sides of the frying pan. Carefully turn the filets over. Place the  Onion  and  pepper  slices on top of the filets again. If necessary, add some more  oil , again just barely enough to coat the bottom of the frying pan. 
 If your filets are very thick, they may need another four minutes, covered. For thinner filets, let them cook uncovered until any liquid evaporates. Remove the filets and serve them covered with the  onions  and  peppers , garnished with a slice of  lime  or  lemon . 
 A nice gravy for the filets is obtained by slowly mixing one teaspoonful of  cornstarch  and a pinch of  salt  into one-third cup of warm  milk  or  cream , and then gradually adding the mixture to the frying pan which still contains the remnants of the cooking  oil  and  garlic , stirring continuously to avoid lumping. If necessary, add  oil ,  butter  or  margarine . As the mixture approaches its boiling point or becomes bubbly, it gradually turns golden. Cook until it meets your standards for consistency and color. 
 Serve with stewed vegetables. 
 A nice salad to accompany this dish, if the ingredients are available in your area, would consist of slices of ripe  avocado , with  oranges  and  grapefruit  in chunks, on a bed of fresh  lettuce , bathed in  lime juice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Fish Recipes, Grapefruit Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Puerto Rican Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category