Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Perfect_Cheesecake_Pie

Ingredients : 
 32 oz non-fat plain  yogurt 
 graham crackers 
 3 tbsp  cornstarch 
 3/4 cup  Sugar 
 pinch  salt 
 3  eggs 
 8 oz package lite  cream cheese  or  Neufchatel 
 1 large  lemon 
 1/2 tsp  vanilla 
 strawberry  topping: 
 8 oz container fresh  strawberries 
 1 tbsp  Sugar 
 1/2 cup  Sugar 
 2 tbsp  cornstarch 
 2/3 cup  water 
 1/4 tsp  strawberry  extract (optional) 
 4 drops red  food coloring  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 At least 24 hours ahead of time, and preferably 36 or so, stir the  yogurt  vigorously to break up the curd. 
 Line a strainer or colander with a  coffee  filter or strong paper towels. 
 Turn the open container upside down in the strainer. Place over a bowl and refrigerate. 
 A couple times a day, discard the liquid that drains out (the dogs will love it!). 
 This makes a thick  yogurt cheese . 
 Preheat oven to 325F. 
 Line a heavy deep-dish pie plate with a single layer of graham crackers, breaking some to fit. 
 Set aside. Combine the  Sugar ,  salt  and  cornstarch . 
 Blend in the  cream cheese  (your mixer works great, but don't use the food processor; it will break up the mixture and it may not set). 
 Add the  eggs , one at a time, beating well. 
 Finely grate the peel from the  lemon  and add to the mixture, then juice the  lemon  and add the juice as well. Add the  vanilla . 
 On slow speed, blend in the strained, thickened  yogurt . 
 Mix gently but well. 
 Spoon into the prepared deep-dish pie plate, being careful not to dislodge the graham crackers. 
 Bake for approximately 1 hour and 20 minutes, or just until cheesecake mixture is set and doesn't jiggle when you move the pie plate. 
 (Results may vary greatly depending on exact oven temperature, ingredient temperature, thickness of pie and type of pie plate). 
 While the pie is cooling, prepare the topping. 
 Wash, hull and slice  strawberries  thickly. 
 Add 1 Tablespoon of  Sugar , and stir to coat. 
 Let them sit to draw out some of the juice. 
 Combine the rest of the  Sugar  and the  cornstarch . 
 Add the  water . Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until it comes to a boil and thickens. 
 Add the  strawberries  and stir gently just until it comes to a full boil again. 
 They shouldn't be cooked, just heated through. Add coloring and flavor if desired and mix gently. 
 Set aside to cool slightly. When the topping starts to set up, spread it over the top of the Cheesecake filling. Refrigerate. Served chilled with lite or fat-free whipped topping if desired. 
 More at  http://sneakykitchen.com/Recipes/cheesecake_pie.htm 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheesecake Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Healthy Desserts, Neufchatel Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category