Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baked_Rigatoni_with_Sausage_and_Mushrooms

Description : 
 Savory Italian sausage and sautéed mushrooms impart a spicy heat to this cheesy rigatoni. Toss a simple green salad while the pasta bakes, and serve with a nice dry red wine. It's a foolproof meal, perfect for a delightful Sunday dinner with great weeknight or lunchtime leftovers.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes For Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe ] 
 Serves 8 – 10 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil , divided 
 2 tablespoons  garlic , minced 
 1 cup  yellow onion , small diced 
 1½ pounds  white mushrooms , quartered 
 ½ cup  red wine 
 pinch  crushed red pepper  (optional) 
 2 pounds  Italian sausage , cut into small, bite-sized pieces 
 1 pound frozen  spinach , defrosted and squeezed dry 
 1 pound  ricotta cheese 
 1  egg 
 ½ cup  Parmigiano-Reggiano  cheese, grated 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 ½ teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 1 pound  rigatoni  pasta 
 2 jars (26 ounces each) prepared  marinara sauce 
 ½ pound  mozzarella , shredded 
 Directions : 
 Heat one tablespoon of the olive oil in a sauté pan. 
 Add the garlic, onions and mushrooms and sauté until the mushrooms have released most of their liquid and the onions are translucent. 
 Add the red wine and crushed red pepper and continue to cook until the red wine has evaporated. 
 Remove from the pan and set aside. 
 Add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the same pan and add the sausage. 
 Cook until the sausage is fully cooked and browned. 
 Remove from the pan and add to the mushroom mixture. 
 In a large bowl, combine the spinach, ricotta cheese, egg, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, salt and black pepper and mix well. 
 Add the mushrooms and sausage to this mixture. 
 Meanwhile, cook the pasta in rapidly boiling water until al dente and drain. 
 Add the cooked pasta and marinara sauce to the ricotta mixture and mix well until fully combined. 
 Transfer to a roasting pan and top with the mozzarella cheese. 
 Cover with aluminum foil and bake in a 350°F oven for approximately 30 minutes. 
 Remove the foil and continue to bake until browned on top and fully heated through. 
 Nutritional Information : 
 Per Serving (8 oz-wt.): 
 
 330 calories (220 from fat) | 25g total fat | 10g saturated fat | 17g protein | 8g total carbohydrate (2g dietary fiber, 3g sugar) | 55mg cholesterol | 870mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Garlic Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Egg Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Rigatoni Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Recipes using prepared sauces, Add category