Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fanny%27s_Chicken_and_Rice

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Source:  The New Family Cookbook for People with Diabetes 
 Yield: 6 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ cup uncooked  brown rice 
 6 skinless  chicken breasts , or 6 skinless chicken thighs and drumsticks (about 2 lb) 
 1 cup chopped  onion 
 ¾ cup chopped  green bell pepper 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tbsp  canola  or  corn oil 
 2 tsp  curry powder 
 1½ tsp fresh  thyme , or ½ tsp dried thyme 
 ¾ tsp  salt 
 1 x 14-15oz can diced  tomatoes , with juice 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  parsley 
 2 tbsp dried  currants 
 2 tbsp slivered  almonds 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 425°F. 
 Prepare a shallow baking pan with non-stick pan spray. 
 Add the rice to 3 cups boiling water in a medium saucepan; cover and simmer 50 to 60 minutes. 
 While the rice is cooking, put the chicken in the prepared pan. 
 Bake, uncovered, 20 minutes. 
 While the chicken is cooking, saute the onion, pepper, and garlic in the oil in a large skillet for 5 minutes, until tender; add the curry powder, thyme, and salt and blend thoroughly. 
 Add the tomatoes with their liquid, and the parsley; heat to a simmer. 
 Pour the sauce over the chicken and sprinkle with the currants. 
 Cover and bake at 350°F for 25 minutes. 
 While the chicken is cooking, toast the almonds in a small skillet over medium heat for 3 minutes, or until lightly browned and fragrant. 
 To serve, arrange the chicken parts next to ½ cup rice on individual plates. 
 Divide the sauce over the rice. 
 Sprinkle the almonds over the chicken. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per Serving (1 breast half, or 1 drumstick and thigh, plus ½ cup rice and ½ cup sauce):
 
 304 Calories | 8g Fat | 73mg Cholesterol | 496mg Sodium | 28g Carbs | 3g Dietary Fiber |  7g Sugars | 30g Protein 
 Diabetic Exchanges: 1½ starch/bread | 1 vegetable | 4 very lean meat | ½ fat 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Brown rice Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Onion Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Currant Recipes, Almond Recipes, Add category