Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Austrian_Vanocka

Description : 
       Austrian Vanocka     
 A Czech Christmas bread baked in northern Austria. Makes one very large loaf or three smaller ones
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pkgs dry  yeast 
 1 cup warm  water  (105 – 115°F) 
 ¾ cup warm  milk 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 6 to 7 cups  flour 
 1 stick  butter , melted 
 3 beaten  eggs 
 3 tbsp grated  orange rind  (I use just the  orange  part, rubbed off on a grater, so it takes two medium  oranges  to give me enough) 
 2 tsp  almond extract 
 1 tsp  nutmeg 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 cup each,  golden  and dark  raisins 
 1 cup slivered  almonds 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl, dissolve the  yeast  in the warm  water . 
 Add the  milk  and  sugar  and let stand until the surface becomes foamy in about 5 minutes. 
 Stir in three cups of the  flour ,  butter ,  eggs ,  orange peel ,  almond extract ,  nutmeg , and the  salt . 
 Beat until very smooth. 
 Add enough of the remaining  flour  to form a soft dough. 
 Turn the dough onto a lightly floured board and knead for 5 to 8 minutes while adding the  raisins  and  almonds  a little at a time. 
 Place the dough in a lightly greased bowl and turn it over once or twice to coat it with grease. 
 Cover the bowl with a towel or wax paper and set it in a warm, quiet place until it has risen to double its size (about 1 hour). 
 Turn the risen dough onto a lightly floured board and divide it into threes * divide each piece into thirds and, with your hands, roll each into a rope about twenty inches long. 
 Braid the threes. 
 For one loaf, put the biggest braid onto a lightly-greased baking sheet, the bigger braid on top, and the big braid on top of that. 
 For three loaves, arrange the three (equal) braids separately on the lightly greased baking sheet. 
 Let rise again for about an hour. 
 Bake in a preheated oven at 350°F for 45 yo 60 minutes. 
 Check at 45 minutes by tapping on the loaf. 
 If it is done, it will sound hollow. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/74/340937874.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004746']
Categories: Almond Recipes, Almond extract Recipes, Austrian Snacks, Orange peel Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Egg Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Christmas Recipes, Add category