Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Arroz_con_Dulce_I

Description : 
 Puerto Rican rice pudding
 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 2  cinnamon  sticks 
 6 whole  cloves 
 1 x 1-inch piece  fresh ginger , peeled and mashed 
 pinch of ground  nutmeg 
 1  lemon peel 
 2 tablespoons of  butter 
 1 tablespoons of  vanilla extract 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 2 x 14 oz can  coconut milk 
 4 cups of  milk 
 1 can of  evaporated milk 
 1 x 14 oz can  coconut cream  such as  Coco López 
 1 cup  short-grain rice 
 ⅓ cup dried  currants  or  raisins 
 ½ cup of  dark rum 
 4 tablespoons shredded sweetened  coconut 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 ground  cinnamon  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Soak currants or raisins in rum over night. 
 For best results, soak rice in 1 cup of milk for about two hours prior to cooking. 
 Add the butter, salt, lemon peel, nutmeg, vanilla, cinnamon sticks, cloves, and ginger to three cups of milk in a deep sauce pan. 
 Bring to a boil. 
 Bring to a boil once again. 
 Add the coconut cream, coconut milk, rice, and sugar. 
 Cook covered over medium-low heat for about twenty minutes. 
 Add the raisins, shredded coconut, and the evaporated milk and blend in. 
 Continue to cook, uncovered, until the rice has absorbed all the water (about fifteen more minutes). 
 Cooking times vary depending on your climate and elevation from sea level. 
 Don't worry: this recipe is very forgiving of cooking lapses. Just don't overcook!. 
 Pour into a square or rectangular dish about one inch high and allow to cool. 
 Remove lemon peel, cinnamon sticks, and cloves. 
 Sprinkle ground cinnamon or cinnamon sugar on the pudding and cut in two-inch squares for your diners. It is equally enjoyable after refrigeration. It will keep for several days, well covered in the refrigerator. 
 Note: for a fruity variation, add 1 cup of diced  mango  during the last 5 minutes of cooking. 
 Enjoy. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Puerto Rican Desserts, Rice pudding Recipes, Mango Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Coconut cream Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Dark rum Recipes, Short-grain rice Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Currant Recipes, Add category