Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken-Kiev

Ingredients : 
 2 lbs boneless skinless  chicken breasts  (6  chicken  halves) 
 1 cup  butter , at room temperature 
 ½ teaspoon  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon granulated  garlic powder 
 2 large  eggs 
 3 tablespoons cold  water 
 ¼ teaspoon  black pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon granulated  garlic powder 
 ¾ teaspoon dried  dill weed 
 ½ cup  all-purpose flour 
 ¾ cup fine dry  breadcrumbs  or  saltine  crumbs 
 ½ medium  lemon , sliced 
 ¼ cup finely chopped fresh  parsley 
 2 cups  vegetable oil  or extra virgin  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 Remove all fat from  chicken  and discard. 
 If  chicken  breasts are in one piece, split them into two pieces. 
 Place each  chicken  breast between two pieces of wax paper and using a mallet, pound  chicken  until about ⅛ inch thickness. 
 Do not pound too hard that the  chicken  breaks up. 
 Place on a dish, cover and set prepared  chicken  breasts aside. 
 In a small mixing bowl, mix together  butter ,  black pepper , granulated  garlic powder  and mix to combine well. 
 Form  butter  into a 2" x 3" rectangular shape on a 6 inch square piece of aluminum foil; thickness should be about ¼". 
 Place in freezer compartment of refrigerator for about ½ hour until  butter  mixture hardens. 
 Cut  butter  into 6 equal pieces (½" x 3"). 
 Place one piece of  butter  at the front of each prepared  chicken  breast. 
 Fold in edges just to catch the edges of the  butter  on each side, then roll the chciken breast to encase the  butter  completely. 
 This is necessary so that the  butter  does not run out while deep-frying. 
 Secure  chicken  rolls with skewers or toothpicks. 
 In a bowl, beat  eggs  with  water . 
 In a separate mixing bowl, mix together  black pepper ,  garlic powder ,  dill weed  and  flour . 
 In another separate bowl, measure the bread crumbs. 
 Completely coat each rolled  chicken  into the  flour  mixture. 
 Dip  flour  coated  chicken  into the  egg  mixture. 
 Now roll and coat the  chicken  in the bread crumbs. 
 Place  chicken  in a shallow dish and chill for about 30 minutes. 
 In a medium size frying pan, add  vegetable oil  and heat to medium-high heat. 
 Carefully place the  chicken  rolls into the  oil  and cook for 5 minutes on each side or until  chicken  is done and golden brown. 
 To test for doneness, cut into 1 rolled  chicken  to make sure no pink is showing. 
 Serve immediately, garnished with  lemon  twists and  parsley . 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Cracker crumb Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Dill leaf Recipes, Egg Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category