Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Australian_Cuisine


 Browse All Australian Recipes : 
 Australian Appetizers  |  Australian Soups  |  Australian Salads  |  Australian Vegetarian  |  Australian Meat Dishes  |  Australian Snacks  |  Australian Desserts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This article is a stub! This article doesn't contain enough information. If you know anything about Australian Cuisine,  please add to this article! 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Overview of Australian Cuisine History 
 2   Cuisines of Australia 
 3   Australian Food Glossary 
 4   Preparation Methods for Australian Cooking 
 5   Special Equipment for Australian Cooking 
 6   Australian Food Traditions and Festivals 
 7   People in Australian Food 
 
 
 Overview of Australian Cuisine History : 
 The basis of Australian cuisine was established by the British and then greatly influenced by subsequent migrants: Chinese, Greek, Italian and other nationalities. Of course, an authentic Australian cuisine existed even before the arrival of the British. The Australian Aborigines were the first inhabitants on this continent and they themselves came in numerous migratory waves from the north and north west over a period which is now believed to span over 100,000 years but certainly over 40,000. Their foods were of a high nutritional quality and whenever sufficient energy was obtained through hunting and gathering, the nutrient intake was balanced and adequate. So much so, that it allowed a rich and diverse culture of art, story-telling, dance and song to develop across the 600 tribes present at the time of the British invasion. 
 The English influence determined the main dishes to be Sunday  roasts , grilled  chops ,  stews  and other recipes made from  meat , which were served with  vegetables . For example, mashed  potatoes ,  beans ,  carrots  and  peas  were among the most frequent  vegetable  accompaniments. 
 
 Seafood  features largely in Australian cuisine. It is variously prepared and usually served at festivities. The most popular  seafood  includes  coral trout ,  red emperor ,  sweetlip ,  barramundi ,  oysters ,  mussels ,  prawns  ( shrimp ),  lobsters ,  crabs ,  yabbies  and other  shellfish  and  crustaceans . Barbeques are frequent occasions, often held at the beach, backyard or other parts of the 'Great Outdoors', for family meetings, get-togethers with friends and at fundraising activities. The ' sausage  sizzle' is one of the major uses of food for fundraising. Whilst it has diminished in popularity lately (due to health awareness), it is a dish made up of barbequed  sausages  and  onions , served on white  rolls  or  bread  and usually accompanied by  tomato sauce  ( ketchup ).  Kangaroo ,  emu  and  crocodile  meats are three of the ingredients that make the Australian cuisine unique. These meats were used by the aborigines and now are a representative part of the national cuisine. 
 Some long-standing but 'unique' concoctions which have grabbed common perception as Australian are:  Vegemite  (a brownish  yeast extract  commonly spread on  bread  or  toast ),  Anzac biscuits  (biscuits with a high consistency of  oats  which originate in the World War One period, when they were sent to ANZAC soldiers fighting in Gollipoli; due to their composition they could handle the long trip in the mail from Australia) and  Lamingtons  (cakes made from day old sponge cake, sometimes with a filling of  raspberry   jam , then coated in a thin  chocolate sauce  and dipped in  desiccated coconut ).
 
 Cuisines of Australia : 
       Map of Australia - Click to enlarge     
 Australia has a very large territory and this is why there cannot be the same cooking style all over the country. As many other countries, Australia can be divided in regions that have a specific cuisine, due to the ethnos that affected each one of them. Every regional cuisine is determined by the cultures that influenced the region and by the local climate. For example, sometimes there is a great difference between the temperatures from the Northern and the Southern regions, and this fact concluded in using specific ingredients.
 By Geographic Area and Style: 
 
 New South Wales Cuisine 
 Queensland Cuisine 
 Victoria Cuisine 
 Western Australia Cuisine 
 South Australia Cuisine 
 Northern Territory Cuisine 
 Tasmania Cuisine 
 Australian Capital Territory Cuisine 
 Australian Food Glossary : 
 Finding the ingredients for an Australian recipe is not so easy when you do not know the names of the ingredients. Take time to make a list of ingredients and the names they may be found under at the local markets.
 
 Check out the  Australian Food Glossary 
 Preparation Methods for Australian Cooking : 
 Australian cuisine has been recently oriented to healthier preparation methods. The dishes should be made from fresh ingredients where possible. For example, the meat must not be fried in a lot of  oil  and vegetables should be lightly cooked or steamed. Preserving the colour of vegetables gives dishes a better look. Also, it is recommended not to use much  salt .
 The cooking methods of the Australian Aborigines were very simple. They were primarily hunter-gatherers and many of their dishes were based on meat. Baking in the ashes, steaming in a ground oven and boiling are some techniques that date from that period. British settlement brought a greater variety of ingredients and broader methods of cooking
 
 Special Equipment for Australian Cooking : 
 Most Australian dishes don’t require you to purchase any special equipment. However, having a  coffee grinder  helps with  roasting  and grinding  spices  and maximizes their volatile  oils , which, in turn, provides your food with more flavour. The cooking equipment used in Australia is mainly the same as the common tools which exist in every kitchen. This equipment consists of  trays ,  pots  and  pans , standard  cooking utensils , food containers, scales, cups and/or spoons for measuring the ingredients, can openers and so on. As is seen around the world, the number of tools has increased dramatically since the time of the early settlers and the native uses by Australian Aborigines.
 A lot of Australian recipes are devised for the traditional  barbeque , colloquially known as the 'barbie', which is used outdoors and generally consists of a  grill  and a  hot plate  and is powered by gas. Very often the  barbeque  is also used as a means of  roasting  larger pieces of  meat  under a large, often dome-shaped, lid.
 Another piece of equipment often used in Australian cuisine is the  camp oven . This is usually a large, cast-iron pot with a lid and handle, the contents of which are cooked in a hole in the ground which is filled with hot coals underneath, around and over the  camp oven .
 Australian measurements are generally the same as for  British Cuisine . For example, an Australian  tablespoon  comprises 20 ml (4 teaspoons), whilst the  tablespoon  measurement in many parts of the world contains 15 ml (3 teaspoons). However, Australians are adept at using  metric ,  imperial  or  cup  measurements.
 
 Australian Food Traditions and Festivals : 
 Early Australian Aboriginal food festivals include the Bunya Festival and the Bogong Moth Festival. These festivals were mainly seasonal and based on the plentiful supply of certain native food types at certain times of the year. However, they also acted as a gathering of the tribes. Nowadays, festivals are organised to celebrate different food and drinks, from wine and beer to  beef  and  chilli sauce . The most important food festivals in Australia are: ‘Tastes of Prom Country' Food and Wine Festival, Melbourne Food and Wine Festival, Hot Sauce and Fiery Foods Festival, Fine Food Queensland,  Beef  Australia, Australian International Beer Festival, Casino  Beef  Week, Good Food and Wine Show. Some of them are planned each year while others are organised periodically. Each regional cuisine has its foods and its festivals. These events are good occasions for the Australian chefs to prove their experience and to show new methods of preparation.
 
 People in Australian Food : 
 Are you into Australian Cooking and would like to be interviewed? 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/21/Sydneysalad.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004539', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fe/Stub.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20200218045116', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a8/Map_aust.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20080516004008']
Categories: Australian Cuisine, Oceanian Cuisine, Add category