Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chayote_and_Corn-stuffed_Chilies


 
 Ingredients : 
 10 large fresh long  green chilies 
 Filling : 
 1 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 2  garlic  cloves, minced 
 ½  onion , finely diced 
 1 large  chayote  squash, seeded, finely diced 
 1 cup  corn  kernels 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp  ground red chili pepper 
 black pepper , to taste 
 2 tbsp  lemon juice 
 ½ cup coarse  breadcrumbs 
 1 tbsp  nutritional yeast  (optional) 
 Batter : 
 1 cup  cornmeal 
 ⅔ cup  all-purpose flour 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 ¾ tsp  salt 
 1¼ cup  water 
 vegetable oil , for frying 
 Red Sauce : 
 1 cup  tomato sauce 
 2  garlic  cloves 
 ½  onion 
 1½ cup  water 
 1 tbsp  ground red chili pepper 
 ½ tsp  salt  (or to taste) 
 ¼ tsp  cinnamon 
 ¼ tsp ground  cumin 
 Directions : 
 Roast  chili peppers  according to your favorite method (I don't have a gas stove or other type of open flame, so I heat the oven to the hottest temperature, then bake the  peppers  on a heavy-duty baking sheet, turning if necessary to char all sides. The roasted  peppers  are placed in a bowl, covered, then allowed to steam a few minutes to help facilitate removal of the peels). 
 Carefully remove peels from roasted  peppers , leaving stems attached. 
 Remove seeds by cutting a slit along one side of each  pepper  and gently scraping and rinsing out seeds and attached membranes. 
 Pat dry and set aside. 
 Filling : 
 In a heavy skillet, heat  oil  on medium-high. 
 Add  garlic ,  Onion  and  chayote ; cook until  Onion  is translucent and mixture begins to brown, stirring frequently. 
 Remove pan from heat and add  corn ,  chili pepper ,  salt ,  black pepper , and  lemon juice , stirring to combine well. 
 Gently mix in breadcrumbs and  nutritional yeast . 
 On a flat surface, open up one  pepper  at a time and spread about 3 tablespoons of the filling mixture down the center of each. 
 Carefully roll sides of  pepper  around filling to enclose, pressing firmly to shape (chilies may be prepared ahead of time to this point, covered, and refrigerated up to 24 hours). 
 Batter : 
 In a pie plate or shallow dish, stir together  cornmeal ,  flour ,  baking powder  and  salt . 
 Gradually mix in  water  to form a batter of medium consistency. 
 Heat 1½ inches of  oil  in a large skillet over medium heat. 
 Lightly roll each stuffed  chili pepper  in  flour . 
 Carefully coat each  pepper  with batter, as evenly as possible, using stem to help drag  chile  through mixture, and a spoon to spread batter over top of  chile  if necessary. 
 Fry chilies in hot  oil , two at a time, until lightly browned, turning once. 
 It should take about 3 to 4 minutes per side. 
 Remove and drain on absorbent paper (the temperature and freshness of the  oil  is important. If conditions are right, each  chile  will absorb less than 1 tablespoon of  oil . If chilies must be prepared in advance, reheat just before serving by placing them on a baking sheet in a preheated 350°F. oven until hot and crisp). 
 Red Sauce : 
 In a food processor or blender, puree  garlic  and  onion  with  tomato sauce . 
 Transfer to a saucepan and add  water , ground red  chili pepper ,  salt ,  cinnamon  and  cumin . 
 Cook sauce over medium heat for 30 minutes, stirring frequently to prevent scorching. 
 To serve : 
 Spoon a little sauce onto each plate, spreading it around in a spiral fashion with the back of the spoon to form a large circle. 
 Place a  chile  onto circle of sauce, drizzling a bit of additional sauce over top if desired, and garnish with a few slices of  avocado  and/or some finely minced  cilantro  leaves. 
 A  black bean  salad and slices of cooling fresh and/or tropical fruits would be nice accompaniments 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Chayote Recipes, Corn Recipes, Add category