Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Country_Pear_Tart

Desription : 
 I made this when someone gave us some fresh pears from the tree in their yard... It is verryyy good! I used Amaretto instead of brandy...that is what I had on hand, but if need be you could use unsweetened juice. If you have not tried
Saigon Cinnamon from McCormick ... it is really good... I am hooked on it! Take care, Gloria
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  Diabetic Living Diet Online 
 Prep Time: 40 minutes | Cook Time: 40 minutes | Total Time: 1 h 20 minutes 
 Servings: 10 
 Ingredients : 
 Country Pear Tart : 
 ⅓ cup  dried cherries 
 3 tbsp  brandy 
 2 tbsp  granulated sugar 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch 
 ¼ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 4 cups  pears 
 1 tsp  lemon peel 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 all-purpose flour 
 1 tbsp  almonds , sliced 
 fat-free milk 
 Browned Butter Pastry : 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 1¼ cups whole-wheat  pastry flour 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 2 tbsp  shortening 
 4 tbsp  water 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Country Pear Tart : 
 In a small saucepan, combine dried cherries and brandy or apple juice. 
 Heat over low heat just until liquid is hot but not boiling; set aside to cool and plump cherries. 
 In a large bowl, stir together the 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, the cornstarch, and cinnamon. 
 Gently stir in pears, cherries and any remaining soaking liquid, lemon peel, and vanilla. 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Line a large baking sheet with foil; sprinkle lightly with flour. 
 Place browned butter pastry on baking sheet; roll from center to the edges, forming a circle about 13 inches in diameter. 
 Transfer pear mixture to center of crust, leaving a 2-inch border. 
 Fold border up over pear mixture, pleating pastry as necessary to fit. 
 Sprinkle center with sliced almonds. 
 Brush top and sides of crust with milk. 
 If desired, sprinkle lightly with additional granulated or coarse sugar. 
 Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until crust is golden brown. 
 Serve warm or cooled. 
 Browned Butter Pastry : 
 In a small saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat until light brown; set aside to cool slightly. 
 In a medium bowl, stir together 1¼ cups whole wheat pastry flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, and ¼ teaspoon salt. 
 Using a pastry blender, cut in 2 tablespoons shortening and the browned butter until mixture resembles crumbs. 
 Sprinkle 1 tablespoon cold water over part of the mixture; toss gently with a fork. 
 Push moistened dough to side of bowl. 
 Repeat moistening flour mixture, using 1 tablespoon cold water at a time, until all of the flour-shortening mixture is moistened (4 to 5 tablespoons cold water total). 
 Form dough into a ball. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 185 Calories | 6g Total Fat | 2g Saturated Fat | 6mg Cholesterol | 77mg Sodium | 29g Carbs | 4g Dietary Fiber | 2g Protein 
 Exchanges: Fruit: 1 | Other Carb: 1 | Fat: 1 
 Carb Choices: 2 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Pie Recipes, Dried cherry Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Pear Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Almond Recipes, Add category