Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/B%C3%BBche_de_No%C3%ABl_II

Description : 
 French Yule log
 
 Ingredients : 
 Almond sponge sheet : 
 3  egg yolks 
 ½ cup  granulated sugar 
 1 medium  orange , grated rind and juice 
 ¾ cup  almonds , blanched and ground with 3 tbsp  granulated sugar 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 ½ cup  cake flour 
 3  egg whites 
 3 tbsp  granulated sugar 
 confectioner's sugar , in a sifter 
 Meringue base : 
 3 large  egg whites 
 pinch  salt 
 ¼ tsp  cream of tartar , scant 
 1⅓ cup  granulated sugar 
 Filling base : 
 12 oz  semisweet baker's chocolate  melted with ⅓ cup  strong coffee 
 1 tbsp  vanilla extract 
 3 tbsp Jamaican  dark rum 
 4 tbsp  butter , unsalted, softened 
 Filling : 
 4 tbsp  butter , unsalted, softened 
 Decoration : 
 3 tbsp unsweetened  cocoa , in a tea strainer 
 confectioner's sugar , in a sifter 
 Spun caramel veil : 
 1 cup  granulated sugar 
 3 tbsp white  corn syrup 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Special equipment suggested : 
 A jelly-roll pan about 11 by 17 inches;  butter ,  wax paper , and  flour  for the pan; an electric blender or food processor for the  almonds . 
 A table-model electric mixer for the meringue. 
 A pastry bag with ⅜-inch tube opening and a separate tube with l/8-inch opening, for the  mushrooms . 
 A buttered and floured no-stick pas try sheet for the  mushrooms . 
 A serving board to hold the log plenty of  wax paper . 
 An oiled broom handle suspended between 2 chair backs and newspapers on the floor, for the caramel. 
 The  orange / almond  sponge sheet / preparing the pan : 
 Preheat the oven to 375°F. 
 Line the jelly-roll pan with buttered  wax paper , leaving a 2-inch overhang at each end. 
 Roll  flour  in the pan and shake out excess. 
 The cake batter. 
 Using a wire whisk or hand-held electric mixer, beat the 3  egg  yolks in a 3-quart bowl, gradually sprinkling in the ½ cup of  sugar . 
 When the mixture is thick and pale yellow, beat in the grated  orange  rind and juice, the  almonds , and the  almond extract . 
 Slowly sift in the  flour , while blending with the whisk. 
 In a very clean separate bowl with clean beaters, beat the  egg  whites to soft peaks; sprinkle in the 3 tbsp of  sugar  and continue beating to form stiff, shining peaks. 
 Stir a quarter of the  egg  whites into the batter; delicately fold in the rest. 
 baking  the jelly roll. 
 Immediately turn the batter into the prepared pan; bang it lightly but firmly on your work surface to settle it, and place it at once in the middle level of the preheated 375 degree oven. 
 Bake about 10 minutes, until it has very lightly colored and the top is springy-do not overbake or the cake will crack when you roll it up. 
 Cooling and storing. 
 Sprinkle the top of the cake with a 1/16 inch layer of confectioner"s  sugar ; cover with a sheet of  wax paper  and a lightly dampened towel. 
 Reverse onto a tray or baking sheet. 
 Then whlle the cake is still warm, holding an end of the  wax paper , lift off the jelly-roll pan. 
 Carefully peel the  wax paper  off the cake. 
 Sift another 1/16-inch layer of  sugar  over the cake and roll it up in the damp towel; place in a plastic bag to keep it from drying out, and refrigerate. 
 The cake must be cold before you fill and frost it. 
 Ahead-of-time note: the sponge sheet will keep nicely 2 or 3 days in the refrigerator or you may freeze it for several weeks—but to prevent its breaking, be sure to let it defrost completely before unrolling it. 
 The meringue base-Italian meringue : 
 Beat the  egg  whites in the electric mixer until foaming throughout; add the  salt  and  cream of tartar  and continue beating until soft peaks are formed. 
 Turn mixer speed to slow. 
 In a small saucepan bring the  sugar  and ½ cup  water  to the simmer, remove from heat, and swirl the pan until the  sugar  has dissolved completely and the liquid is perfectly clear. 
 Cover the pan tightly and boil to the soft-ball stage (238°F). 
 Using moderately slow speed, gradually whip the hot syrup into the  egg  whites; increase speed to fast and continue at high speed for 5 minutes, until  egg  whites form stiff shining peaks and have completely cooled. 
 Plan to use the meringue promptly. 
 Meringue mushrooms : 
 Preheat the oven to 200°F. 
 Scoop a quarter of the meringue into the pastry bag and squeeze out 8 to 10 half-inch domes on the pastry sheet, to serve as  mushroom  caps. 
 Hold the ⅛-inch tube over the end of the pastry bag and squeeze out 8 to 10 conical shapes ¾ inch high, for the stems. 
 Bake about 1 hour in the middle level of the  oven , until the meringues push easily off the pastry sheet-they should color no more than a darkish  cream . 
 Return unused meringue to the main mixture. 
 Ahead-of-time note: meringues may be made in advance and frozen. 
 The filling and frosting : 
 Beat the smoothly melted  chocolate  into the meringue, along with the  vanilla ,  rum , and soft  butter . 
 Remove two-thirds of the mixture to a bowl and refrigerate; this is the frosting. 
 Beat the additional half stick of soft  butter  into the remaining meringue this is the filling. 
 Filling the cake : 
 Unroll the  sponge  sheet and slice a quarter inch off the long sides so that the cake will roll easily. 
 Spread the filling over the top of the sheet. 
 Roll it up from one of the small ends and you have made the log shape. 
 Neatly slice a narrow slanting piece from each end of the log. 
 With a small knife dig a hole in an upper side of the log and insert a piece of the scrap to simulate a bump or a branch. 
 Place the log seam-side down on the serving board and slip double sheets of wax paper under the edge of each side and the two ends-to catch frosting spills. 
 Frosting the log : 
 Beat 2 or more spoonfuls of sifted  cocoa  into the frosting mixture to make it a spreadable consistency. 
 Reserve 2 spoonfuls of frosting for the  mushrooms . 
 Leaving the two ends free, frost the cake using a flexible metal spatula, then scumble it with the spatula and a fork to give it a rough bark-like look. 
 Ahead-of-time note:. 
 Refrigerate the log if you are not continuing; it will keep nicely for a day-if you can find a non-mashing cover for it. 
 Final decorations, just before serving the mushrooms : 
 With a small knife, pierce a hole in the bottom of each meringue  mushroom  cap, insert a bit of the frosting (or softened  butter ) into the hole and then the pointed end of a meringue stem. 
 Arrange the  mushrooms  in tasteful clusters upon the log and sprinkle the log with a dusting of confectioner"s  sugar  to give a snowy effect. 
 Dust the tops of the  mushrooms  with  cocoa powder  tapped from the sieve. 
 The caramel veil. 
 Bring the  sugar  to the simmer with the  corn syrup  and one-third cup  water  in a small saucepan; when the mixture is completely dissolved and clear, cover tightly and boil to the caramel stage. 
 Let it cool two to three minutes, until it forms thick strands when lifted with a fork. 
 Then dip the fork into the syrup and wave it over the broomstick, to form long hanging threads of caramel. 
 The finale. 
 Lift the  caramel  strands off the broomstick; drape them over the yule log. 
 Decorate the serving board with sprigs of holly if you wish, and the bûche de Noël is ready to serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Dark rum Recipes, Orange Recipes, Cake Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Cocoa Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Corn syrup Recipes, Add category