Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gouda


 Browse All Gouda Recipes   
       Gouda     
 Name Variations : 
 Gouda 
 baby Gouda 
 young Gouda 
 aged Gouda 
 medium Gouda 
 mature Gouda 
 old Gouda 
 very aged Gouda 
 About Gouda : 
 Gouda  is a yellowish Dutch  cheese  named after the city of Gouda. The cheese is made from  cow's  milk  that is cultured and heated until the  curds  separate from the  whey . About ten percent of the mixture is curds which are pressed into circular moulds for a couple of hours. The moulds give the cheese its traditional shape. Next, the cheese is soaked in a  brine  solution which gives the cheese its rind and improves the taste. After the salt soaks in, the cheese is then dried for a couple of days before being coated to prevent it from drying out. It is aged for a number of weeks before it is ready to be eaten. The term "Gouda" is now a generic name, and not restricted to cheese of Dutch origin. The term "Noord-Hollandse Gouda" is registered in the EU as a Protected Designation of Origin. The peculiar thing about this is that the city Gouda is located in the Dutch province Zuid-Holland. However, Gouda-type cheeses from Noord-Holland have a better reputation for their quality. 
 Exported Gouda is usually the young variety (aged between 1 and 6 months, rich yellow in colour and with a red or yellow  paraffin   wax  coating). This cheese is easily sliced on bread with a cheese slicer. Exported Gouda has a pungent underlying bitterness, yet is still considerably creamier than other common cheeses, such as  cheddar  cheese or  Edam  cheese. Locally, old Gouda (aged between 12 and 18 months, orange-yellow in colour and sometimes discernible by a black paraffin wax coating) can be obtained. This strong tasting cheese is hard and often too brittle to cut using a slicer, but it can be sliced by knife or served cut in cubes with drinks. Smoked Gouda is also a common find in many cheese markets and mega-marts.
 
 Gouda Recipes : 
 Smoked gouda Recipes 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b5/GoudaCheese.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004614']
Categories: Semi-firm cheese, Cheese, Dutch Food Glossary, Add category