Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/California_Avocado_Beef_Patties

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Mashed  avocado ,  chile   peppers , and  onions  enliven these moist, lightly spiced hamburgers. They look pan-fried when cooked in a  browning  skillet.
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 medium-size  California avocado   lemon juice 
 2 Tbsp diced green  chile   peppers 
 1  egg , lightly beaten 
 2 tsp chopped  green onion 
 1 ½ tsp  lemon juice 
 1 clove  garlic , minced or pressed 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 Pound lean ground  Beef 
 ½ Cup shredded  jack cheese 
 4 hamburger buns, split and toasted  butter   lettuce  leaves 
 4 thin slices  tomato 
 Directions : 
 Halve  avocado  lengthwise and remove pit; then peel. Slice half the  avocado  and coat pieces with  lemon juice ; set aside. 
 In a bowl, mash remaining  avocado  half. 
 Stir in  chile   peppers ,  egg ,  Onion , the 11/2 teaspoons  lemon juice ,  garlic , and  salt . 
 Add  Beef  and combine thoroughly (mixture will be moist). 
 With your hands, shape meat into 4 patties, each about 3/4 inch thick. 
 Microwave a 10-inch  browning  dish or skillet on HIGH (100%) for 4 1/2 minutes. 
 Carefully remove dish (the bottom is very hot) to a heat proof surface. 
 Place patties in dish. Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH (100%) for 3 minutes. Drain off fat. 
 Turn patties over. Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH (100%) for 2 minutes or until juices run clear when patty is slashed. 
 Sprinkle each patty with 2 tablespoons of the  Cheese . Cover with wax paper and let stand for 5 minutes. 
 Arrange patties on bottoms of buns and top each patty with  lettuce  leaves,  tomato  slice, and a few  avocado  slices. 
 Cover with remaining buns. 
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Beef Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Hass avocado Recipes, Hass avocado Side Dish Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Add category