Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crunchy_Pappardelle


 Description : 
 This recipe is from Yotam Ottolenghi's vegetarian cookbook "Plenty". It was published in  guardian.co.uk 
 
 Serves two. 
 Ingredients : 
 50 ml  olive oil 
 250 g  button mushrooms , cleaned and halved 
 100 ml  white wine 
 1  bay leaf 
 3  thyme  sprigs, leaves picked and chopped 
 ½ tsp  caster sugar 
 150 ml  double cream 
 salt  and  black pepper 
 grated zest of 1  lemon 
 1  garlic  clove, crushed 
 3 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 20 g  panko  breadcrumbs 
 250 g Tenderstem or sprouting  broccoli 
 250 g  pappardelle 
 Directions : 
 Heat the oil in a large saucepan, then sauté the mushrooms, stirring occasionally, until they start taking on a little colour. 
 Add the wine, bay leaf, thyme and sugar, bring to a boil and reduce the liquid by two-thirds. 
 Add the cream and stir to mix. 
 Taste and add plenty of salt and pepper. 
 Keep warm. 
 Mix together the lemon zest, garlic and parsley. 
 In a hot pan, toast the breadcrumbs until golden, stirring occasionally. 
 Remove and discard any leaves from the broccoli, then cut both stems and florets into 6cm-long pieces. 
 If the stalks are on the thick side, cut them along the centre in half or into quarters. 
 Blanch in boiling salted water for two minutes and drain. 
 Cook the pappardelle in plenty of boiling salted water. 
 When the pasta is just ready, add the broccoli to the cream sauce to reheat. 
 Drain the pasta, reserving some of the cooking liquid, and stir with the cream sauce. 
 Add half of the parsley mix. 
 If at this point the sauce seems a little dry, add some of the cooking liquid. 
 Transfer the pasta to a serving bowl. 
 Stir the rest of the parsley mix into the breadcrumbs, generously sprinkle this over the pappardelle, and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/ee/Crunchy_pappardelle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20100418172331']
Categories: Pappardelle Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, White wine Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Add category