Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Double_Red_Lentil_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  red lentils , sorted and rinsed 
 1  bay leaf 
 1/2 tsp.  salt , or more to taste 
 1 Tbs.  olive oil , preferably extra-virgin 
 2 medium  onions , diced 
 4 medium cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 Tbs. minced  fresh ginger 
 2 tsp. ground  cumin 
 2 tsp. ground coriander 
 2 medium parsnips, cut into 1/2-inch dice 
 2 medium  carrots , cut into 1/2-inch dice 
 1 small bunch  spinach  (8 oz.), rinsed well, thick stems removed and torn into 
 bite-size pieces 
 1 Tbs. fresh  lemon juice 
 Pinch of  Cayenne 
 Directions : 
 In medium saucepan, combine  Lentils ,  bay leaf  and 4 cups cold  water . Cover partially and bring to a boil over high heat. Mix well, reduce heat to low and simmer until  Lentils  are tender, about 12 minutes.
 
 Remove  bay leaf  and stir in 1/2 teaspoon  salt . Puree  Lentil  mixture with an immersion blender or in a blender until smooth. Set aside.
 
 While  Lentils  are cooking, in large pot, heat  oil  over medium-low heat. Add  onions  and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 8 minutes. Add  garlic ,  ginger ,  cumin  and coriander and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Stir in parsnips,  carrots ,  salt  to taste and 1 1/2 cups  water . Increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until vegetables are tender, about 10 to 12 minutes.
 
 Stir  spinach  and  lemon juice  into vegetable mixture. Cover and cook until  spinach  is just wilted, about 2 minutes. Stir in reserved  Lentil  puree and  Cayenne  and warm through. Taste and season with  salt  and  Cayenne . Serve hot.
 
 stir in a tiny dollop of  chile paste  or hot pepper sauce  and/or sprinkle each portion with a handful of chopped fresh  cilantro  or flat-leaf  parsley . 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chile leaf Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Red lentil Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category