Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Superbowl_Fried_Chicken_Wings

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Serves 4. 
 Ingredients : 
 3 pounds  chicken  wings (16 to 18) 
 1 cup + 2 tablespoons  coarse salt 
 2  onions 
 3 cups  buttermilk 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 teaspoons cracked  black peppercorns 
 1 teaspoon  cayenne 
 2 cups  vegetable shortening 
 1 stick (½ cup)  unsalted butter 
 Directions : 
 Cut off  chicken  wing tips, reserving them for another use (such as stock). 
 Arrange wings in one Layer in a 13- by 9-Inch glass baking dish and sprinkle them evenly with ½ cup  kosher salt . 
 Turn wings over and sprinkle with ½ cup more  salt . 
 Chill wings 2 hours. 
 In a colander rinse wings under cold running  water  and drain. 
 Arrange wings in one layer in baking dish and thinly slice  onions . 
 Arrange  onions  over wings and pour  buttermilk  over  onions . 
 Chill wings, covered, at least 12 Hours and up to 1 day. 
 Discard  onions  and in colander drain wings. 
 Have ready an 18-inch sheet of wax paper. 
 In a large shallow bowl whisk together  flour , peppercorns,  cayenne , and remaining 2 tablespoons  salt . 
 Working with no more than 2 wings at a time, dredge wings evenly in  flour  mixture and shake off excess. 
 Arrange wings flat sides up and a few inches apart on wax paper and let stand 15 minutes. 
 Generously sprinkle remaining  flour  mixture over wings, patting it to adhere, and let stand 15 minutes more. 
 Have ready a rack set over a baking pan. 
 In each of two 10- to 11-inch heavy skillets melt 1 cup  shortening  and 4 tablespoons  butter  over high heat just until  butter  begins to turn golden. 
 To each skillet add 8 or 9 wings, flat sides down, and reduce heat to moderately high. 
 Cook wings, covered, until deep golden, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Turn wings and cook, uncovered, until deep golden, about 8 minutes. 
 With tongs transfer wings to rack set over pan to drain. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Chicken wing Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category