Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Hooked_on_Heat

      Hooked on Heat Blog by Meenakshi Agarwal     
 The blog created by Meenakshi Agarwal is filled with, as the blogger says, lots of spice and everything nice. The pleasant design of the blog is matched by a huge variety of unique content – something you can rarely say about websites or blogs today – facts which make Hooked on Heat a valuable resource for anyone interested in Indian food. Here you will find information on hundreds of Indian dishes, starting from Dips, Sauces and Chutneys, going through Soups and Salads and passing through Delectable Desserts and other food categories that will make your mouth water. You can reach this wealth of information at the following URL:  hookedonheat.blogspot.com 
 
 Bountiful Indian Beverages : 
 Indian beverages range from light an refreshing mixes to blends that are thicker and chunkier, especially when made out of fruit. Although shadowed by Indian dishes, beverages are gaining more popularity in the Western world.
 
 Indian Veggie-Table : 
 Eggplants, gourds and other vegetables less used in American or European cuisines are well displayed in Indian dishes. A large part of the Indian cuisine is reserved to veggies, often assorted with exotic spices. 
 
 Indian Bread Basket : 
 Indian bread baskets have evolved from the humble bun or maska pao to Disco Parathas or Spicy Khakras. A vast range of roti-making techniques now define the composition of an Indian bread basket. Rotis, parathas and puris form an important part of Indian cuisine. The Bread Basket is a tasty assortment of spiced breads, such as Chapati (traditional Indian whole wheat bread cooked on a griddle), Tandoori Roti (Indian whole wheat bread cooked in the tandoor) or Paratha (whole wheat bread, folded and cooked with butter on a griddle) to name just a few.
 
 Indian Breakfast Foods : 
 The variety of Indian breakfast foods is quite high and it varies from one region of India to another. Eggs scrambled with spices, potatoes, and onions are popular in the morning. Fresh fruits and yogurt are also an important part of Indian breakfasts. South India has some popular breakfast dishes such as dosa, idly, upma, appam, idi-appam (rice noodles eaten with either sweet coconut milk or a meat curry), idli and puttu. North Indians prefer khichri and Parathas (a mixture of rice and spices) as breakfast dishes. 
 
 Indian Dips, Sauces and Chutneys : 
 Pickles and chutney are a tasty accompaniment to any curry dish. Sauces are often served with parathas, delicious with sandwiches, cheese, salads or baked potatoes. Chutneys are also a great taste enhancer for many meals and they can come in exotic flavors, such as the Sweet Mango Chutney. Cooking sauces can be used to prepare authentic Indian meals together with ingredients like meat, lentils, vegetables and paneer. Sauces are often used to make marinade. You can also use Indian sauces and chutneys in pasta dishes and as a pizza toppings. Delicious as a dip with mayonnaise, yogurt, or spread on sandwiches 
 
 Indian Eggs-travaganza : 
 Indian Non-Vegetarian Fare : 
 Here are the main six categories of non-vegetarian Indian food dishes: Chicken dishes, Mushroom dishes, Egg dishes, Redmeat dishes, Non-Vegetarian Sweets, Seafood items. The delicious non-vegetarian Indian food dishes belonging to these six main categories are found in a large variety of recipes, which you can access below: 
 
 Indian Rice, Noodles and Pasta : 
 The nutritious Indian dishes containing noodles and rice are appreciated all over the world. Some of the most famous dishes you may come accross are Malay Stir-fried Noodles (Mee Goreng), Matar Pulao (Peas Pilaf), Meatball Biryani, Nasi Lemak (Malaysian Coconut Rice), Penne Arabiatta (Pasta with a Spicy Sauce) or Spicy Curry Fried Rice. 
 
 Indian Snacks and Sandwiches : 
 Traditional Indian snacks incluse Shakkarpare (Deep-fried Sugar Cookies), Tangy Paneer Pakodas (Cottage Cheese Fritters) and Vada Pav. Although not very different from European or American snacks, Indian sandwiches tend to be more of a culinary delight than a fast food meal. 
 
 Indian Soups and Salads : 
 There are several combinations of soups and salads in Indian cuisine. Curry Soup is a tradiional Indian soup with a tangy flavour made from dal and enriched with fresh cream. Prawn Soup contains prawns and vegetables and is very nutritious. Other dishes include: Mixed Veg. Raita, Cabbage Raita, Onion Raita, Coleslaw Salad, Carrot Soup, Potato & Cheese Soup, Cream of Mushroom Soup, Carrot & Coriander Soup, Lentil Soup, Mixed Veg. Soup, Coconut Curd Salad, Spinach Soup, Dieter's Crunch, Mysore Rasam and several others. 
 
 Delectable Indian Desserts : 
 Indian desserts have the exotic feel that characterises Indian food in general. Cookies and speciality recipes, such as Chocolate Nut Tartlets will prove to be a delight for your senses. Although extremely tasty, many Indian desserts are low fat and actually provide your body with a good source of vitamins found in the fruits used to prepare them.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a7/Hookedonheat.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/500?cb=20080516004853']
Categories: Indian Blogs, Indian Recipes, Add category