Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Alb%C3%B3ndigas_I

Description : 
 Easy recipe for Spanish meatballs. One of the more famous Spanish recipes, meatballs are often served in tapas bars as a snack or an appetizer. Spanish meatballs are made as a main dish at home. Albóndigas are also often offered as the starter in the set menu (Menú del Día) which Spanish restaurants are required to offer to customers. There are lots of recipes for Spanish meatballs - we think this one includes the best things from most of them!
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Recipe from : Euroresidentes, Spain 
 For 4 people 
 Ingredients : 
 2 medium  onions 
 2 cloves of  garlic 
 2 whole  cloves 
 1 small glass of  white wine 
 a little  flour 
 salt  and  pepper 
 1  carrot 
 1  bay leaf 
 tomato purée  or tomate frito 
 half a  stock  cube 
 400 g  minced chicken  or  turkey 
 100 g minced  bacon 
 1 dessertspoon  pine nuts  (optional) 
 1 tsp chopped fresh  parsley 
 3 dessertspoons  soy sauce 
 2 dessertspoons  bread crumbs 
 1 tsp of  oregano 
 olive oil 
 2 small, ripe  tomatoes 
 a small cup of  peas 
 Directions : 
 Mix the minced  chicken  or  turkey  with the minced  bacon . 
 Grate one  onion  and chop or crush one clove of  garlic . 
 Add the grated  onion , chopped  garlic ,  soy sauce ,  oregano , pine nuts and breadcrumbs to the meat, and mix all ingredients together very very well. 
 Make small balls with the mixture - about the size of a large marble. 
 Coat them lightly in the  flour  (get a bowl, put some  flour  in and roll each ball around) and put all the balls on a large plate until you are ready to fry them. 
 Now make the sauce. 
 Cut up the other  onion  and chop the other  garlic , and put both of them in a non-stick pan with a little  olive oil , the fresh  parsley  and some  salt  and  pepper . 
 Fry gently until they are soft, and then chop the 2  tomatoes  and add them. 
 Finally grate the  carrot  and add that too. 
 Add the  white wine  and the cloves, half a stock cube dissolved in half a cup of  water , the  peas , a bay leaf and a bit of  tomato purée  (or tomate frito if you live in Spain). 
 Stir well and put on a low heat. 
 Put some  olive oil  in a non-stick frying pan, enough to cover the bottom of the pan, and fry the meatballs until they are brown all over. 
 You don't have to use lots of  oil  - turn them over so that they cook on all sides, and make sure the heat isn't too strong, otherwise they might burn. 
 You will probably need to fry them in two or three batches, depending on the size of your frying pan. 
 As each batch is ready, put the meatballs straight into the pan with the sauce and when they are all done and in the pan, leave them to simmer in the sauce for about half an hour. 
 You can serve the meatballs on their own as a tapas dish, or as a main course accompanied by a green leafy salad and/or a red pepper salad. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Spanish Meat Dishes, Spanish Appetizers, Meatball Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Ground chicken Recipes, Ground turkey Recipes, Pea Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Carrot Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category