Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/El_Autentico_Diablo_Clubhouse_Empanadas

Ingredients : 
 2 lbs  ground chuck 
 ½ lb  ground pork 
 1 large  onion  (chopped) 
 2 cloves  garlic  (chopped) 
 2 tbsp Wesson  oil 
 salt  and  pepper  (to taste) 
 2  jalapeño peppers   or  2  habanero peppers  (chopped very fine) 
 1 tbsp  chili powder 
 3 tbsp Arturo sauce  or   tomato paste 
 2  egg yolks 
 Tabasco   or  your favorite designer  hot sauce 
 Directions : 
 Heat oven to 350 °F. 
 Heat  oil  in large pan and saute  onion  and  garlic  until it is translucent. 
 Add the ground chuck and ground  pork  and keep stirring while it is cooking so that it is not lumpy. 
 After the meat is cooked, drain off all the liquid that has accumulated. 
 Then stir in the chopped  peppers ,  chili powder , and  tomato paste ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Let this mixture cool off or you'll mess up the pastry. 
 While this is cooling, make the  pastry . [If you doing it from scratch, make it three separate times or it won't turn out right. If you opt for the nineties method, make one box at a time] 
 Divide each ball of dough in half, so you will have six balls of dough. 
 Keep the ones you are not working with covered with a dish towel or it'll dry out. 
 What you have to decide now is what size empanada you want. 
 For an appetizer size, i use a mug with a 3" diameter. 
 For the normal size you'll want something that's either 5 or 6 inches. 
 I have used a saucer for this and cut around it. 
 Roll each ball out to the thickness for a pie crust. 
 Cut out your circles and stack them. 
 Assembly : 
 In a small bowl or cup, mix the  egg yolks  with 1 tbsp of  water . 
 On one half of the circle spoon on some of the meat mixture. 
 Moisten the edges with  water  and seal with a fork. 
 Brush the tops with the  egg yolk . 
 Place on a non-stick cookie sheet (if not a non-stick, rub a little Crisco on the pan). 
 Bake for 25–30 minutes, or until golden brown. 
 Makes approx. 
 4 dozen appetizer size or approx. 2 dozen of the other size. 
 These freeze great and since you have to be in kitchen anyway, make a lot and then you'll have plenty to enjoy at a later time!. 
 The Tabasco gets sprinked on the empanada as you munch away. 
 
 
 
Categories: Panamanian Appetizers, Red chile powder Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Habanero chile Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category