Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grown-up_S%27mores

Ingredients : 
 Marshmallow : 
 ¼ ounce envelope  gelatin 
 ¼ cup cold  water 
 ¼ cup  light corn syrup 
 3 ounces hot  water 
 ¼ cup  corn syrup 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ¼ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 Frozen cocoa mousse : 
 ¾ cup  water 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 1 teaspoon  gelatin  (softened with 4 tablespoons cold  water ) 
 1 cup unsweetened  cocoa  (preferably Dutch), sifted 
 ¾ cup  cream 
 1  egg white 
 Graham cracker : 
 6 ounces  bread flour 
 6 ounces  cake flour 
 2 ounces  whole wheat flour 
 2 ounces  brown sugar 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 pinch of  salt 
 3 ounces soft  butter 
 ½ cup  honey 
 ¼ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 3 ounces  water 
 Malt sauce : 
 1 cup whole  milk 
 ½ cup  malt powder   [1] 
 4  egg yolks 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Marshmallow : 
 Pour cold  water  over  gelatin . 
 Set aside. 
 Put first measurement of  corn syrup  in mixer bowl. 
 Combine hot  water ,  corn syrup , and  sugar  in small saucepan. 
 Stir over medium flame until  sugar  dissolves, then let cook without stirring. 
 Cook mixture until it is 230°F (use a candy thermometer). 
 Pour into reserved  corn syrup . 
 Whip on medium-high, adding  gelatin  mixture bit by bit. 
 Continue whipping for ten minutes. 
 Add  vanilla extract , mixing just to combine. 
 Spread in lightly buttered bread pan, shallow pan, or roasting pan. 
 Make sure height is at least ½ inch. 
 Let sit 24 hours, uncovered. 
 Cut with hot, wet cookie cutter and toss in  powdered sugar  to keep from sticking to each other. 
 Frozen cocoa mousse : 
 Bring  water ,  sugar , and  vanilla  to boil. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Add  gelatin  to  sugar  mixture, stirring to dissolve. 
 Add  cocoa , stirring well to get out lumps. 
 Press through sieve into bowl over  ice . 
 Stir frequently until room temperature. 
 Whip  cream  to soft peak with electric mixer. 
 Fold into  cocoa  mixture. 
 Whip  egg  to soft peak with electric mixture. 
 Fold into  cocoa  mixture. 
 Spoon mixture into a shallow baking sheet lined with plastic and spread out to ½-inch thickness. 
 Freeze for at least 6 hours. 
 Cut with cookie cutter or knife (so that it will sit on top of the  marshmallow , which will sit on top of the graham cracker). 
 Graham cracker : 
 Combine dry ingredients well in mixer with paddle attachment. 
 Changing attachment to bread hook, add rest of ingredients. 
 Mix just to combine. 
 If dough does not seem pliable, adjust  water  amount. 
 Roll on lightly floured surface to ⅛ inch thick. 
 Cut with a 4-inch diameter round cookie cutter and place on parchment lined baking sheet. 
 When all are cut and on sheet, prick cookies all over with a fork. 
 Bake at 325°F approximately 5 to 8 minutes until just lightly colored on the edges. 
 Malt sauce : 
 Incorporate  egg   yolks ,  sugar , and  malt powder  in a bowl and mix together well with a whisk. 
 Scald  milk  and take off the heat. 
 Using a ladle, temper the  egg   yolk  mixture by adding a small quantity of  milk  to the bowl and then whisking together quickly (don't allow the  yolks  to cook or you will get a grainy final product). 
 Continue adding  milk  in this fashion until you have a creamy liquid. 
 Add this mixture to the saucepan with the remaining  milk  and blend together well. 
 Using a wooden spoon, cook the sauce over a low heat, stirring constantly and making sure that the bottom is continually scraped. 
 Cook for about 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens (it will leave a clean line on the wooden spoon when you draw your finger across it). 
 Pour into a bowl and place bowl over an  ice  bath to cool. 
 Assembly : 
 Cut  marshmallow  with round cookie cutter one size smaller than the graham cracker. 
 Place  marshmallow  on plate and torch with kitchen propane or butane torch (if not available, broil briefly under the broiler). 
 Place  marshmallow  on top of graham cracker and put on plate with  malt  sauce. 
 Place  cocoa  mousse in/on warm  marshmallow  and put onto the graham cracker. 
 Top with second graham cracker and serve immediately. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Carnation®  malted milk powder  ( vanilla  only) can be substituted 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Bread flour Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Corn syrup Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Honey Recipes, Light corn syrup Recipes, Add category