Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Blood_Orange_Sherbet


 Prep Time:  Active: 20 minutes; inactive 2 - 3 hours
 Cook time: none 
 Serves: makes 1 quart 
 
 Description : 
 Both lush and refreshing, rosy hued blood orange sherbet is a stunning dessert. It’s easy to make, but you do need an ice cream maker. Blood oranges are seasonal and can be a bit pricey. Perhaps you will find a good buy as I did the other day. They were marked down because they were a tad past their prime, but fortunately not too far past. These crimson fleshed gems can have some give to them, but shouldn’t be too soft.
 Blood oranges find their way into marmalade, Italian soda, vinaigrette style salad dressings, sorbet, gelato and cocktails.
 There seems to be a bit of confusion between sherbets and sorbets. Sherbets contain cream or milk and have a silky texture. Sorbets do not contain cream or milk and have an icy, yet refreshing, texture. Both are best when they contain no water.
 This sherbet has an intense blood orange flavor, not too sweet and not too tart and involves no cooking. I think you’ll love it.
 
 Adapted from  Cook's Illustrated 
 Makes 1 quart 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tbsp grated  blood orange   zest 
 1 cup  superfine sugar 
 pinch of  salt 
 2 cups freshly squeezed  juice  from about 8 blood oranges 
 4 tbsp freshly squeezed  lemon juice  (about 1 lemon) 
 2 tsp  vodka  or  triple sec 
 ⅔ cup  heavy cream 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl rub the zest and sugar together with your fingers until wet and sandy. 
 Whisk in the salt, orange juice, lemon juice and vodka. 
 Strain through a fine mesh sieve. 
 Chill the mixture until very cold, about 2 to 3 hours. 
 In a separate large mixing bowl, whisk the heavy cream until soft peaks form. 
 Slowly drizzle the orange juice against the side of the bowl while whisking. 
 Turn the ice cream maker on and pour the sherbet base through the feed tube. 
 Churn until thick. 
 Transfer to an airtight container and let harden for a few hours before serving. Keeps well for 1 week. 
 You don’t have to add the vodka, but the texture won’t be the same and you will have to let the sherbet soften a bit before scooping. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a8/Blood_orange.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20110608003307']
Categories: Blood orange Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Sherbet Recipes, Triple sec Recipes, Vodka Drink Recipes, Add category