Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Aush

Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 2 cups  plain flour 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ⅔ cup cold  water 
 additional  flour 
 Pules and Noodle Mixture : 
 ½ cup  yellow split peas  - (daul nakhud) 
 cold  water 
 1 cup canned  kidney beans  with liquid 
 salt 
 1 tbsp  oil 
 2 cups finely chopped  spinach 
 Meat Sauce : 
 ½ cup  oil 
 1 medium  onion ; finely chopped 
 750 g  ground lamb  or  beef 
 salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 2 teaspoons  ground coriander 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 ½ cup  tomato purée 
 ½ cup  water 
 Chakah : 
 1½ cups drained  yogurt 
 3 tsp dried  mint ; rubbed 
 ¼ tsp hot  chili pepper  (or more) 
 ¼ cup finely chopped  coriander 
 salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Sift  flour  and  salt  into a bowl, add  water  and mix to a firm dough, adding more  flour  if necessary. 
 Divide into 2 balls and wrap in plastic. 
 Rest for 30 minutes. 
 On a floured board roll out each ball of dough very thinly. 
 Cut into 5 mm (¼-inch) strips either while it is flat or by rolling up each sheet of dough and slicing with a sharp knife. 
 Place noodles on a floured cloth, dust with  flour  and leave to dry for about 30 minutes. 
 Wash split  peas  well and place in a pan with 1½ cups cold  water . 
 Bring to the boil and boil gently for 30 minutes or until tender. 
 Add  red beans  and liquid and keep warm. 
 In a large pot bring 8 cups  water  to the boil, add 2 teaspoons  salt ,  oil  and noodles. 
 Put noodles in gradually, stirring after each addition. 
 Return to the boil and cook uncovered for 5 minutes. 
 Add  spinach  and cook for further 5 minutes. 
 Drain in a colander and return to the pot. 
 Add split  peas  and bean mixture with its liquid, toss ingredients lightly and keep hot over low heat. 
 In a frying pan heat the ½ cup  oil , fry  onion  until soft and add ground meat. 
 Stir over high heat until juices evaporate and meat browns lightly. 
 Add  salt  and  pepper  to taste,  tomato  puree, spices and  water , cover and simmer 10 minutes, then remove cover and let moisture evaporate. 
 Sauce should be oily. 
 Combine chakah ingredients, add to noodles and toss well. 
 Mixture should be moist. 
 Place noodle mixture in a deep dish and top with keema. 
 Stir at the table. 
 Serve in deep plates. 
 
 
 
Categories: Afghan Meat Dishes, Tajikistani Meat Dishes, Azuki bean Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Kidney bean Recipes, Mint Recipes, Onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Spinach Recipes, Yellow split pea Recipes, Add category