Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken,_Corn_and_Potato_stew

      Chicken, Corn and Potato stew     
 Ingredients : 
 1 (3½- to 4-lb)  chicken , cut into 8 serving pieces 
 1¾ teaspoons  salt 
 1½ teaspoons  black pepper 
 3 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 1 large white  onion , finely chopped 
 2 teaspoons dried  oregano , crumbled 
 1½ lb  russet (baking) potatoes 
 6 cups  chicken broth 
 1 cup  water 
 2 lb  potatoes , peeled, cut into ½-inch cubes, and covered with  water  in a bowl 
 3 ears  corn , cut crosswise into 1-inch pieces 
 Accompaniments : 
 ½ cup chopped fresh  cilantro  leaves 
 1 cup  heavy cream 
 3 tablespoons drained  capers 
 3  avocados , quartered, pitted, peeled, and cut into ½-inch cubes 
 Directions : 
 Pat  chicken  dry and season with ¾ teaspoon  salt  and ½ teaspoon  pepper . 
 Heat  butter  in a wide heavy 7- to 8-quart pot over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then brown  chicken  in 2 batches, skin side down first, turning occasionally, about 10 minutes. 
 Transfer  chicken  as browned to a plate. 
 Add  onion  to pot along with  oregano  and remaining teaspoon each  salt  and  pepper  and sauté, stirring, until light golden, about 5 minutes. 
 Peel and coarsely grate  russet potatoes  and add to pot with  chicken , broth, and  water . 
 Simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until  chicken  is cooked through, about 25 minutes. 
 Transfer  chicken  with tongs to a cutting board to cool. 
 Drain cubed yellow  potatoes  and add to pot. 
 Simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until cubed  potatoes  are almost tender, about 10 minutes. 
 Add  corn  and simmer, covered, until tender, 5 to 10 minutes more. 
 While  corn  is cooking, remove skin and bones from  chicken  and coarsely shred meat. 
 Add meat to pot and heat through. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/5e/562559306.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004558']
Categories: Caper Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Corn Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Native American Meat Dishes, Potato Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Stew Recipes, Add category