Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Kapunata

Description : 
 A Maltese version of Ratatouille made from tomatoes, capers, aubergines and green peppers which goes well with grilled fish.
 This is a summer dish and can be eaten hot or cold. The ingredients are more of a general guideline than a strict recipe, as the thrifty Maltese housewife will use whatever spare veggies she may have. Maybe adding an extra pepper or a couple of carrots or omitting the celery if she has none that day. Capers, olives, garlic - these are generally added by eye - a handful or two of olives maybe, more or fewer capers.
 
 Approx 6 portions 
 Ingredients : 
 500 g  aubergines 
 500 g  tomatoes 
 a good-sized  onion 
 some cloves of  garlic  (for taste – maybe 4 or 6) 
 4  celery  stalks 
 green pepper 
 1 tablespoon of  tomato purée 
 2 heaped tablespoons  capers 
 at least 12  green olives  (pitted) and sliced 
 olive oil 
 vinegar 
 salt 
 pepper 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Initially, Peel and dice eggplants. 
 Soon after , Arrange in the colander and sprinkle with salt (removes acidity). 
 Leave to drain for about 20 minutes, rinse. 
 Bring to boil approx 1 litre of water. 
 Wash celery stalks, chop them place in boiling water for 1 min. 
 Remove celery from boiling water and place tomatoes in boiling water for 1 min. 
 Peel tomatoes and finely dice celery. 
 De-seed pepper. 
 Thinly slice (approx half a cm wide by about 2 cms long) place the aubergine in frying pan with about 5 tablespoons of oil and gently sauté till brown (approx ten minutes) on a low heat. 
 Peel and chop onion, peel and mince garlic. 
 Place in saucepan with about 5 tablespoons of oil and sauté on a fairly high heat. 
 When the onion is translucent add the celery, pepper, tomato puree and the sugar. 
 Fry for a minute or two. 
 Add the tomatoes, pepper and salt, reduce the heat and simmer for about ten minutes. 
 Add the vinegar, aubergines, capers and olives. 
 Mix, cover and simmer gently for twenty minutes adjust seasoning – add any herbs you fancy, bit of thyme or basil or parsley. 
 Stir and simmer uncovered for 10 – 20 minutes, adding a bit of water to prevent drying out. 
 The texture should be quite creamy, like a thick sauce serve hot or cold, as a main meal with fresh crusty Maltese bread or as an accompaniment to meat, fish or hard-boiled eggs. 
 
 
 
Categories: Caper Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Maltese Recipes, Stew Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category