Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Penuche_I

Description : 
 Brown sugar fudge. Recipe is easily doubled and can be frozen.
 
 Yield: 1 pound of fudge 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  white sugar , granulated 
 1 cup  light brown sugar , firm pack 
 ½ cup heavy (whipping)  cream 
 3 tbsp  molasses  (This is to taste. The original recipe called for 4 tsp of  molasses .) 
 2 oz  unsweetened chocolate 
 4 tbsp  butter 
 1½ tsp  vanilla 
 ½ cup chopped  nuts , optional 
 Directions : 
 Pre-warm the thermometer in hot  water ; use a 2-quart saucepan;  butter  the upper sides (inside) of the saucepan; measure all ingredients except the  vanilla  and optionals, and dump into the saucepan. 
 Grease and if necessary, line a 5 x 10-inch pan. 
 Fill glass with ice cubes and  water  and the sink with ½ inch of cold  water . 
 Dissolve the  sugar , stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, over low heat until the  butter  melts, the gritty sounds cease, and the spoon glides smoothly over the bottom of the pan. 
 Increase the heat to medium and bring to a boil. 
 Boil, after washing down any crystals that may have formed, with a pastry brush dipped in hot  water  from the thermometer bath, using as little  water  as possible. 
 Introduce the pre-warmed thermometer. 
 Reduce the heat while keeping the fudge at a boil. 
 Stir no more than necessary. 
 Test the fudge mixture in the ice-cold  water  when the mixture thickens and bubbles become noisy. 
 Ball, formed in  ice   water , should hold its shape until the heat from your had begins to flatten it and should be al dente -- slightly chewy -- between 230°F and 240°F. 
 Because of the  molasses  and  brown sugar , it can ball at a lower temperature than some other fudges. 
 Shock by placing the saucepan in the cold  water  in the sink. 
 Seed by adding, without stirring, the  vanilla . 
 Then allow to cool. 
 Stir when luke warm and "skin" forms on the top (110°F). 
 Return the thermometer to its hot  water  bath to soak clean. 
 Stir the fudge thoroughly but not vigorously by hand, with an electric mixer, or with a food processor. 
 Pause frequently to allow the fudge to react. 
 Watch for the fudge to thicken, lose its sheen, and become lighter in color or streaked with lighter shade, give off some heat, suddenly stiffen. 
 If mixing by had, the fudge will "snap" with each stroke; by mixer, mixer waves will become very distinct, by food processor, fudge will flow sluggishly back to the center when the processor is stopped. 
 Add the optionals (½ cup chopped  nuts  ( walnuts ,  pecans , or  hazelnuts  (filberts)) before the fudge totally candies. 
 Pour, score, and store when cool in an airtight container in the refrigerator or at room temperature. 
 
 
 Variations : 
 Honey brown sugar fudge : in step 1, eliminate the  unsweetened chocolate  and replace the  molasses  with ¼ cup of honey. The honey causes the fudge to ball at a higher temperature. 
 Chocolate honey brown sugar fudge : in step 1, replace the  heavy cream  with  light cream  or  evaporated milk  and replace the  molasses  with ¼ cup of honey. 
 Orange brown sugar fudge : in step 1, eliminate  molasses ,  chocolate  but add 1 tbsp  corn syrup . In step 14, add 1 tsp grated  orange  zest, plus if you can get it, 1 tsp of pure  orange extract . 
 Peanut butter brown sugar fudge : in step 1, eliminate the  molasses  and  chocolate , replace the  heavy cream  with ¼ cup of  milk  and ¼ cup of creamy  peanut butter . To intensify the  peanut butter  flavor, add ⅓ of a cup of salted  peanuts  in step 6. 
 Praline brown sugar fudge : in step 1, eliminating the  molasses  is optional -- you'll get a more southern praline with it, a milder one without it--or compromise and use only 1 tsp. Eliminate the  chocolate . In step 6, when the mixture begins to thicken, add 1½ cups of  pecan  halves slowly so as not to break the boil or cool the mixture too quickly. 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Desserts, Fudge Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Light brown sugar Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Orange extract Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Light cream Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Corn syrup Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Hazelnut Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Add category