Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ajiaco_Bogotano

      Ajiaco Bogotano     
 Ingredients : 
 1  onion , finely chopped 
 2 tbsp  sunflower oil 
 1  garlic  clove, crushed 
 ½ tbsp dried  thyme 
 4 boneless  chicken breast , or 8 boneless  chicken  thighs 
 1 litre  milk 
 1 litre  water 
 450 g  red-skinned potatoes  (such as Desirée), diced 
 450 g  white potatoes  (such as King Edwards or Cara), diced 
 500 g small  new potatoes , scrubbed and thickly sliced 
 4  sweetcorn  ears, husks and silky threads removed, cut into 5 cm lengths 
 2 tbsp roughly chopped  coriander 
 2 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 salt  and fresh ground  black pepper 
 Egg salad : 
 1  egg , hard-boiled and finely chopped 
 1 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 1 tbsp chopped  coriander 
 2 tbsp  double cream  or  soured cream 
 salt  and fresh ground  black pepper 
 Hot pepper sauce : 
 1 tbsp chopped  coriander 
 1 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 1  spring onion , chopped 
 1  fresh red or green chile , deseeded and finely chopped 
 2 tbsp  white wine vinegar 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 salt 
 sugar 
 Directions : 
 Fry the  onion  gently in the  oil  in a large  saucepan  until tender, without  browning . 
 Add the  garlic  and  thyme  and fry gently for about 1 more minute. 
 Raise the heat and add the  chicken  pieces. 
 Fry until lightly browned. 
 Add the  milk ,  water , all three types of  potato , and  salt  and  pepper . 
 Bring to the boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 40 minutes. 
 Remove the  chicken  pieces with a perforated spoon and as soon as they are cool enough to handle, shred into small pieces. 
 Stir the soup with a wooden spoon to help the  potatoes  break down and thicken the soup. 
 Add the  sweetcorn  and continue cooking over medium heat for another 10 minutes, stirring from time to time, until the  sweetcorn  is tender. 
 Add the herbs and shredded  chicken , and cook for a final minute or two. 
 While the soup is cooking prepare all the garnishes. 
 To make the  egg  salad, mix all the ingredients and spoon into a small bowl. 
 To make the  hot pepper sauce , mix the ingredients, adding  salt  and  sugar  to taste, and place in another small bowl. 
 Put the  capers  and  cream  in separate bowls. 
 Ladle the soup into deep bowls and encourage everyone to help themselves to the various garnishes. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/77/1479350010.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004321']
Categories: Colombian Soups, Chicken Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Double cream Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, White round potato Recipes, New potato Recipes, Corn Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, White wine vinegar Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category