Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baby_Pork_Ribs_With_Yellow_Rice

Ingredients : 
 2 1/2 lbs lean baby  Pork  ribs, or 2 lbs. lean  Pork  chunks 
 2 tbsp  lemon juice 
 1/2 tsp each ground  cumin ,  salt ,  black pepper , dried  oregano  and ground  bay leaf 
 1 1/2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 med red  bell pepper , cut in julienne strips 
 1 med  Onion , chopped 
 2 cups  white rice , uncooked 
 1 tbsp dried  parsley , or 2 tbsp fresh, chopped 
 3  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1/2 tsp ground  cumin 
 2 tsp  salt , and  black pepper  to taste 
 1 tsp yellow  rice /saffron-based seasoning such as  bijol , or goya with  saffron 
 1/2 cup white cooking wine 
 4 cups  chicken broth 
 10 oz frozen  green peas 
 Directions : 
 Remove any excess fat from  Pork  and discard. Cut ribs into smallest portions possible, or if using  Pork  chunks, cut into 2" to 3" cubes. 
 In a large ziploc bag, combine  Pork  with  lemon juice  and 1/2 teaspoon each of seasonings listed. Seal and turn or shake to mix. 
 Refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight, turning at least once. 
 Heat  olive oil  in large heavy pan over high heat. 
 Drain any excess  lemon juice  and discard. 
 Brown  Pork , stirring and scraping up from bottom frequently. Turn heat down slightly as  Pork  starts to brown. 
 Add chopped red pepper and  Onion . Continue to saute, scraping and stirring. Don't allow the juices to burn; turn fire down as required. 
 Measure out and combine  white rice , 1/2 tsp  cumin , 2 tsp  salt ,  black pepper ,  parsley  and minced  garlic . 
 When  onions  and  peppers  start to brown (or if pan drippings start to get too dark), add  rice  mixture. Stir and scrape bottom for 1 minute more. 
 Add  white wine  and scrape to deglaze the pan. 
 Add 4 cups of  chicken broth  (if y ou are short some of the broth, complete the liquid amount with  water ). 
 Mix in the yellow  rice / saffron  seasoning. 
 Stir while bringing to a full boil. 
 Cover tightly, and turn to lowest simmer for 20 minutes. 
 Shortly before the dish is finished, microwave the  Peas  according to package instructions. Do not overcook. 
 When  rice  and  Pork  dish are done, mix half the  Peas  into the dish, and scatter the rest on top as garnish. 
 You may also garnish with strips of canned or bottled  pimento  if desired. 
 
 
 External links : 
 more at sneakykitchen.com 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Main Dishes, Pork Recipes, Rice Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Add category