Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Meatballs_with_Noodles_Tossed_in_Yogurt

Ingredients : 
 2 pounds  ground beef 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 2 teaspoons ground coriander 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 1 pinch  cayenne pepper 
 salt  to taste 
 black pepper  to taste 
 2 cloves  garlic  crushed 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 1  Spanish onion  finely chopped 
 6 large ripe  plum tomatoes  core -- peel, chop 
 4  sun-dried tomatoes  finely chopped 
 Noodles : 
 1 pound fresh fine  egg noodles  in Asian markets 
 1½ cups plain  yogurt 
 2 cloves  garlic  finely chopped 
 ½ cup fresh  mint  chopped 
 Directions : 
 Meatballs : 
 In a bowl, combine the  beef ,  cinnamon , coriander,  turmeric ,  cayenne ,  salt ,  pepper , and half of the  garlic . 
 With clean hands, mix thoroughly, then shape the meat into ¾-inch meatballs. 
 Set them aside. 
 In a large, flameproof casserole, heat the  oil , add the  onion , and cook over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes or until it is very soft. 
 Turn the heat to medium-high and add the meatballs. 
 Cook, turning them often, until they lose their pink color. 
 Add the  plum   tomatoes  and remaining  garlic . 
 Cover the pan, turn down the heat, and simmer gently for 10 minutes. 
 Add the  sun-dried tomatoes ,  salt , and  pepper  and cook the mixture for 5 minutes over low heat, stirring once or twice. 
 Noodles : 
 Bring a large saucepan of  water  to a boil. 
 Add the noodles and cook for 2 to 4 minutes or until they are tender but still have some bite. 
 Drain the noodles and transfer them to a bowl. 
 Stir in the  yogurt ,  garlic , and  salt . 
 Toss thoroughly and transfer to 6 wide bowls. 
 Spoon meatballs around the edges of each bowl of noodles, add the  mint  to the center and serve at once. 
 
 
 
Categories: Afghan Appetizers, Afghan Meat Dishes, Egg noodle Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Meatball Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Sun-dried tomato Recipes, Tajikistani Appetizers, Tajikistani Meat Dishes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category