Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baghala_Polo

Description : 
 Iranian rice with lamb, dill and lima beans. I found this in a cookbook of Middle Eastern cooking and posted it by request. I have not yet tried it. The recipe says you can use frozen lima beans for fresh, if you prefer. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 1 medium  onion , peeled and cut into ¼ inch slices 
 3 lbs boneless  lamb shoulder , trimmed of fat and cubed 
 3 cups  water 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 2 cups uncooked  long-grain white rice 
 4 cups finely cut fresh  dill 
 1 lb shelled fresh  baby lima beans 
 8 tablespoons  butter , melted 
 ¼ teaspoon  saffron , crushed and dissolved in 1 tbsp warm  water 
 Directions : 
 In a heavy 3 – 4 quart casserole, with a tightly fitting lid, melt the 2 tablespoons of  butter  over a medium heat. 
 Add the  onions  and cook for about 10 minutes or until the slices are browned. 
 You will need to stir them often. 
 Use a slotted spoon to remove them from the pan and onto a plate. 
 Set aside. 
 Working in batches, brown the  lamb  cubes in the remaining fat in the dish. 
 As they brown, take them out of the dish and put them on the plate with the  onions . 
 Pour the 3 cups of  water  into the casserole and bring it to a boil, scraping to loosen any brown particles clinging to the dish. 
 Return the  lamb  and  onion  to the dish, add the  salt  and reduce the heat to low. 
 Cover tightly and simmer for about an hour or until he  lamb  is tender and doesn't show any resistance when pierced. 
 Transfer the  onions ,  lamb  and all the cooking liquid to a large bowl. 
 Set the casserole aside. 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F bring 6 cups of  water  to a boil in a 5 – 6 quart saucepan. 
 Pour in the  rice  in a slow, thin stream so the  water  does not stop boiling. 
 Stir a couple times and boil for 5 minutes. 
 Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the  dill  and lima beans and drain in a fine sieve. 
 Ladle about half of the  rice  mixture into the smaller casserole and moisten it with ½ cup of the  lamb  cooking liquid. 
 Then use a spatula or spoon to spread the  rice  mixture to the edges of the pan. 
 Use a slotted spoon to return the  lamb  and  onions  to the casserole and smooth them over the  rice . 
 Spread the remaining  rice  mixture on top. 
 Combine 2 tablespoons of the melted  butter  with 6 tablespoons of the  lamb  broth and pour it over the  rice . 
 Bring the casserole to a boil over high heat. 
 Cover tightly and bake on a middle oven shelf for 30 – 40 minutes or until the beans are tender and  rice  has absorbed the liquid. 
 To serve, spoon about a cup of the  rice  mixture into a small bowl. 
 Add the dissolved  saffron  and stir until the  rice  is bright yellow. 
 Spread about half the remaining  rice  on a heated platter and arrange the  lamb  over it. 
 Cover the  lamb  with the rest of the plain  rice  and garnish with the  saffron   rice . 
 Pour the remaining 6 tablespoons  butter  over the top. 
 
 
 
Categories: Baby lima bean Recipes, Lamb shoulder Recipes, Persian Meat Dishes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Onion Recipes, Dill Recipes, White rice Recipes, Add category