Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Watermelon_Gazpacho

Description : 
 The delicate flavors of cucumber and watermelon go hand in hand to create a sweet-and-savory chilled soup, perfect as a first course on a hot night.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  Eating Well  Magazine - August/September 2005 
 Active time: 20 minutes | Total time: 20 minutes 
 Makes 6 servings, generous 1 cup each 
 Ingredients : 
 8 cups finely diced seedless  watermelon  (about 6 lb with the rind)  [1] 
 1 medium  cucumber , peeled, seeded and finely diced 
 ½  red bell pepper , finely diced 
 ¼ cup chopped fresh  basil 
 ¼ cup chopped  flat-leaf parsley 
 3 tbsp  red wine vinegar 
 2 tbsp minced  shallot 
 2 tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil 
 ¾ tsp  salt 
 Directions : 
 Mix watermelon, cucumber, bell pepper, basil, parsley, vinegar, shallot, oil and salt in a large bowl. 
 Puree 3 cups of the mixture in a blender or food processor to the desired smoothness; transfer to another large bowl. 
 Puree another 3 cups and add to the bowl. 
 Stir in the remaining diced mixture. 
 Serve at room temperature or chilled. 
 Make ahead tip: Cover and refrigerate for up to 1 day. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Melon selection and storage: Look for symmetrical unblemished melons, without flat sides, that have a creamy yellow spot on the bottom indicating ripeness. At 92% water, this fruit should feel heavy when you heft it. Precut melon flesh should be dense, firm and appear moist. Store in the refrigerator for up to a week or keep in a cool, dark spot. Cover the cut surface of melon with plastic wrap and refrigerate. 
 
 
 Nutrition information : 
 Per serving:
 
 116 Calories | 5g Fat (1g Sat, 4g Mono) | 0mg Cholesterol | 18g Carbs | 2g Protein | 2g Fiber | 296 mg Sodium 
 Nutrition bonus: Vitamin C (110% daily value | Vitamin A (45% dv) 
 Carbohydrate serving: ½ 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Low-calorie Recipes, Low-carb Recipes, Soup Recipes, Watermelon Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Basil Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Add category