Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spiced_Sweet-Potato_Stew_from_Good_housekeeping.

I found this on the good Good Housekeeping website.. and thought I 
would try it .. it was such a nice change of pace from other 
vegetable stews and of course it was breeze to do in the PC> I did 
use the canned beans but next time I just make up a batch of chick 
peas and use part for this meal and part for another Cuban soup 
recipe I have.
 Spiced Sweet-Potato Stew
 
- triple-tested at The Good Housekeeping Research Institute
 This hearty vegetable stew is full of flavor, thanks to a blend of 
spices combined with a touch of peanut butter. 
Ingredients
 
 1 small bunch fresh cilantro
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 medium onion, cut into 1/4-inch dice
2 garlic cloves, crushed with garlic press
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/8 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 can (28 ounces) plum tomatoes in juice
2 1/4 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks
2 cans (15 to 19 ounces each) garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained
1 can (14 1/2 ounces) chicken broth or vegetable broth
1/4 cup creamy peanut butter
 
 Directions
 1. In small bowl, with kitchen shears, coarsely chop 1/4 cup loosely 
packed cilantro leaves. Reserve remaining cilantro for garnish. 
 2. In 6-quart pressure cooker, heat oil over medium heat until hot. 
Add onion and cook about 8 minutes or until tender, stirring 
occasionally. Stir in garlic, cumin, salt, cinnamon, and crushed red 
pepper, and cook 1 minute, stirring. 
 3. While onion is cooking, with kitchen shears, cut tomatoes, in 
their can, into small pieces. ( just squiched them with my hands))
 4. To onion mixture in pressure cooker, add tomatoes with their 
juice, sweet-potato chunks, garbanzo beans, broth, peanut butter, and 
chopped cilantro. Following manufacturer's directions, cover pressure 
cooker, bring up to pressure, and cook under pressure 5 minutes. 
Release pressure as manufacturer directs. Garnish with cilantro to 
serve. 
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Add category