Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Snickerdoodle_Bundt_Cake

INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Preparing the Pan : 
 Making the Cake : 
 To a small bowl, add 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, and whisk to combine; set aside. 
 Preheat oven to 325F. 
 Generously spray a 9-inch (12-cup) Bundt pan with floured cooking spray (or grease the pan with shortening), being careful to cover all the nooks and crannies, as well as the center tube. Gently dust the entire inside of the pan with the cinnamon-sugar mixture. You will only need about 1/4 to 1/2 cup of cinnamon-sugar, but try to evenly coat the inside surface of the pan, including the tube. 
 Save the remaining cinnamon-sugar mixture for layering in as the filling; set everything aside. 
 To a large bowl, add the flour, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and whisk to combine; set aside. 
 To the mixing bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (or large mixing bowl and electric mixer), add the butter and beat on medium-high speed for 1 minute. 
 Stop, scrape down the sides of the bowl, add 1 cup granulated sugar and mix on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. 
 Stop, scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the brown sugar and mix on medium-high speed until the mixture looks light brown and uniform in color, about 2 minutes. 
 Stop, scrape down the sides of the bowl, and add the eggs one at a time, mixing on medium speed for 1 minute after each egg. 
 Stop, scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the vanilla and mix on medium speed to incorporate, about 30 seconds. 
 Add half the flour mixture, half the Greek yogurt or sour cream, and mix on medium-low speed until incorporated, about 1 minute. 
 Add the remaining flour mixture, remaining Greek yogurt or sour cream, and mix on medium-low speed until incorporated, about 1 minute. 
 Turn half the batter out into the prepared pan, smoothing the top lightly with a spatula. The batter is quite thick and that’s okay. 
 Evenly sprinkle the reserved cinnamon-sugar mixture over the top of the batter, which creates the filling as the cake bakes. 
 Turn the remaining batter out into the pan, smoothing the top lightly with a spatula. Bake for 55 to 62 minutes (I baked for 59 minutes), or until top is lightly golden brown and set, and a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean or with a few moist crumbs, but no batter. Don’t overbake because the cinnamon-sugar crust will become overly crunchy. 
 Allow cake to cool in pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes before inverting onto a wire rack to cool completely. 
 
 
 
Categories: Snickerdoodle Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Cinnamon Recipes, Whiskey Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Egg Recipes, Vanilla Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Add category