Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dutch_Paasbrod

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Traditional Easter loaf from the Netherlands 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole  milk 
 1 package dry active  yeast 
 2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon  granulated sugar 
 3 1/2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 teaspoon  cardamom 
 2 large  eggs 
 2 tablespoons  unsalted butter , melted 
 2/3 cup finely ground  blanched almonds 
 2 large  egg  yolks 
 2 teaspoons  lemon juice 
 1 cup  golden raisins 
 2 tablespoons chopped  candied lemon peel 
 1 tablespoon grated  lemon  zest 
 Directions : 
 Make the dough: Coat a large bowl with  oil  and set aside. 
 
 
 Warm 1 cup of  milk  to 110 degrees F in a small saucepan. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the  yeast  and the 1 tablespoon of  Sugar  and let stand until bubbly. 
 
 
 In a large bowl or the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade, combine the  flour  and  cardamom . Add the whole  eggs ,  butter  and  yeast  mixture and pulse to combine. Process the mixture or stir with a wooden spoon until a firm, sticky dough forms. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface, knead lightly, shape it into a ball, and transfer it to the prepared bowl, turning to coat all sides with  oil . Cover the bowl with a clean, damp kitchen towel and let the dough rise in a warm, draft-free place until it doubles in volume - about 40 minutes. 
 
 Make the  almond  paste: Place the  almonds , remaining  Sugar ,  egg  yolks and  lemon juice  in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade and process into a firm paste. Place the  almond  paste on a 20-inch-long piece of plastic wrap. Roll the paste up lengthwise in the plastic wrap, twist the ends to seal, and shape the paste into a log about 1 inch thick and 12 inches long and refrigerate.
 
 
 Shape the loaf: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Punch down the dough and transfer it to a lightly floured surface. Place the  Raisins ,  lemon peel  and zest in the center of the dough and knead until they are incorporated and the dough is smooth. Roll the dough into a 6 x 13-inch rectangle. Unwrap the  almond  paste and place it lengthwise in the center of the dough. Fold the dough over the paste and pinch to seal. Place the loaf, seal-side down, on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Cover the loaf and allow it to rise until it doubles in volume - about 30 minutes. 
 
 
 Bake the bread: Glaze the loaf with the remaining  milk  and bake for 10 minutes in the center of the oven. Reduce temperature to 325 degrees F and bake until loaf is golden brown and sounds hollow when tapped - 40 to 45 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Serve at room temperature. 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Candied lemon peel Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category