Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Grass_Chicken_Soup


 Description : 
 This soup is easy to make, hearty and satisfying. This soup is rather mild, but chose to leave it that way in deference to those who don't eat spicy food. If you were serving a large group with different tastes, that would be a consideration. I use about double the  lemon grass , fish sauce,  peppers  and  cilantro , putting half the  peppers  and  cilantro  in the soup and the other half for each person to add. If you can find them,  Thai chile  peppers are hotter than jalapenos!
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 quarts  chicken broth 
 2 stalks fresh  lemongrass  (each 12 to 18 inches long) 
 12 slices  fresh ginger  (thin, quarter sized) 
 6 fresh  jalapeno  chilies 
 1¼ lbs  cabbage 
 8 ounces  mushrooms 
 2  carrots 
 2 lbs boneless skinless  chicken breast  halves 
 4  garlic  cloves, peeled and chopped 
 1 (14.5 ounces) can diced  tomatoes 
 ½ cup  lemon juice  (approximate) 
 2 tablespoons Asian  fish sauce  (nam pla or nuoc mam) 
 ⅓ cup thinly sliced  green onions 
 5 cups hot cooked  rice 
 2  lemons , cut into wedges 
 1½ cups chopped fresh  cilantro 
 Directions : 
 In an 1 to 10-quart pan, bring broth to a boil over high heat. 
 Meanwhile, pull off and discard course outer layers from  lemon grass  and trim off and discard stem ends. 
 Cut each stalk into about 3-inch lengths. 
 With the flat side of a knife, lightly crush  lemon grass  and  ginger . 
 Cut one or two chilies in half lengthwise (use two if you'd like it spicy); stem remaining chilies (seed, if desired, for less heat), finely chop and reserve. 
 Add  lemon grass ,  ginger , and halved chilies to boiling broth. 
 Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 20 to 30 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, rinse  cabbage  and cut into shreds about ¼ inch wide and 2 to 3 inches long. 
 Rinse  mushrooms , trim off and discard stem ends and discolored parts, and slice lengthwise ¼ inch thick. 
 Peel  carrots  and slice ¼ inch thick. 
 Rinse  chicken  and cut into ¼-inch thick slices 1½ to 2 inches long. 
 With a slotted spoon, remove and discard  lemon grass ,  ginger  and chilies from broth. 
 Add  cabbage ,  mushrooms ,  carrots , and  garlic  to broth; cover and bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce heat and simmer until  carrots  are tender when pierced, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Add  chicken  and  tomatoes  with their juice. 
 Cover and cook over high heat until  chicken  is no longer pink in the center (cut to test). 
 This will take about 3 to 5 minutes. 
 Add  lemon juice  and fish sauce to taste. 
 Sprinkle with  green onions . 
 Place  rice ,  lemon  wedges,  cilantro  and chopped chilies in separate bowls and offer with soup to add to taste. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/cd/Chicken_lemongrass_soup.JPG/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130520224123']
Categories: Cabbage Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Thai Soups, Cilantro Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Rice Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category