Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Munchie_Delights

Description : 
 An easy no-bake recipe for family cooking fun, especially at busy holiday times!
 
 Each batch makes approximately 2 dozen candy treats 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb  milk chocolate  buttons - optional to add 
 1 cup chopped  nuts  ( almonds ,  pecans ,  peanuts ,  walnuts , cashews, etc.) 
 1 cup flaked  coconut 
 1 cup  crispy rice  ready-made cereal 
 1 cup crushed  graham cracker  crumbs 
 1 cup mini morsels ( butterscotch ,  peanut butter  or  chocolate  flavors) 
 1 cup  raisins 
 1 cup mini  marshmallows 
 Directions : 
 Place  water  in bottom portion of a double boiler. 
 Bring  water  to hard rolling boil on stove top, then reduce heat to medium. 
 Place  chocolate  buttons in top portion of double boiler and set top portion on top of bottom portion above the  water . 
 Stir the buttons gently as they begin to melt. Continue until all  chocolate  has melted into a smooth liquid. 
 Remove top from bottom of boiler. 
 Let stand on cooling rack two minutes to cool slightly. 
 Fold in optional ingredient(s) of your choice until coated completely with  chocolate . 
 Place waxed paper on a tray and place 2 tablespoons of the  chocolate  mixture into individual mounds on the waxed paper. 
 Place tray of Munchie Delights in your freezer for one hour to harden. 
 If making more than one batch, continue (as described above) if using different flavors/colors of  chocolate  buttons or if adding multiple optional ingredients. 
 Place finished ' chocolate  Munchie Delights' into freezer zip locked bags to be kept in freezer for future use, to prevent them from sticking together, and to keep them from absorbing other food odors. 
 Remove from freezer bags, place on doily covered plate and serve your guests or family a special treat for Christmas! 
 Notes : 
 Milk chocolate  buttons are found in the bulk department of grocery stores, or candy stores. You may also choose to use  dark chocolate  or other flavors/colors: such as red and green for Christmas festivities. Use one pound  chocolate  buttons per batch. 
 Use one or more optional ingredients to make different kinds/textures/flavors of Munchie Delights. Measure a total of one cup if using more than one option. 
 Experiment a little and be as creative as you like! 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Candy, Coconut Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Dark chocolate Recipes, Chocolate chip Recipes, Butterscotch chip Recipes, Peanut butter chip Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Almond Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Puffed rice Recipes, Candy Recipes, Add category