Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cauliflower_Tagine


 
 Description : 
 Cauliflower  Tagine serve 6
 
 Ingredients : 
 3/4 cup extra-virgin  olive oil 
 1 large  Onion , thinly sliced 
 10  garlic  cloves, finely chopped 
 1 green  bell pepper , thinly sliced 
 2 tablespoons sweet  paprika 
 2 tablespoons Tabil 
 1 tablespoon  tomato  paste 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper 
 1/4 cup thinly sliced oil-packed  sun-dried tomatoes , drained 
 1/2 cup  water 
 One 2 1/2 -pound  Cauliflower , cored and cut into 2-inch florets 
 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs 
 3 ounces  Gruyère   Cheese , shredded (1 cup) 
 5 large  eggs , beaten 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 400°. Lightly grease a 9-by-13-inch glass or ceramic baking dish. In a large skillet, heat the  olive oil . Add the  Onion  and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 8 minutes. Add the  garlic ,  bell pepper ,  paprika , Tabil,  tomato  paste and a pinch each of  salt  and  pepper . Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the  pepper  softens, about 7 minutes. Add the  sun-dried tomatoes  and  water  and simmer for 1 minute. Season with  salt  and  pepper  and transfer to the prepared baking dish. 
 2. In a large pot of boiling salted  water , cook the  Cauliflower  until just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and pat dry. Spread the  Cauliflower  in the baking dish. 
 3. In a small bowl, toss the bread crumbs with the  Gruyère  and season with  salt  and  pepper . Stir in the beaten  eggs  and pour the mixture over the  Cauliflower . Cover with foil and bake in the upper third of the oven for 15 minutes, or until bubbling around the edges. Uncover and bake for about 15 minutes longer, until browned and crisp on top. Let the tagine stand for 10 minutes before serving. 
 MAKE AHEAD The recipe can be prepared ahead through Step 2 and refrigerated separately. Bring to room temperature before proceeding.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Tunisian Recipes, Tunisian Appetizers, Sun-dried tomato Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Gruyère Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category