Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Leavened_Rye_Bread

Description : 
 The fermentation with its long rising period add to the taste of this  rye bread , give it a moist texture, and keep it from drying out. You can make a double quantity of the ferment, and keep the rest in an air-tight container in a freezer or a fridge. Bread made solely from  rye flour  is heavy and dense and does not rise very well. This is why  rye flour  is usually mixed with  wheat flour  in equal measures. Though the taste of rye will predominate, the bread will rise better and will therefore be more 'airy'. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Fermentation ingredients : 
 2.5 dl light warm  water 
 2.5 g  yeast 
 2.5 dl  rye flour 
 Other ingredients : 
 25 g  yeast 
 7 dl light warm  water 
 3 tablespoon  oil 
 ca 2.5 l (ca 1.3 kg)  rye flour  or a mixture of  wheat  and  rye flour 
 2 tsp  salt 
 2 tsp  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Measure the ferment  flour  into a bowl, add the  water , mix well and leave covered with cling film in a warm, draught-free place to ferment. 
 On the third day crumble 25 g  yeast  into a large bowl, add a little  water  and  sugar  and mix until it is dissolves. 
 Now add the rest of the  water ,  oil , ferment and  salt , and then about 2 l of the  flour . 
 Knead, adding  flour , so that the dough will not stick to the bowl or your hands. 
 Sprinkle the dough with  flour , cover it, and leave to rise in a warm place for 50-60 minutes. 
 Turn out the dough onto a table sprinkled with  flour , and gradually knead in the remaining  flour , until the dough no longer sticks to the table. 
 Mould the dough into two smooth loaves, place them on baking sheet covered with a greaseproof paper, and cover them with a tea-towel and leave to rise in a warm place for about 30 - 40 minutes. 
 Prepare oven to 175 °c, brush loaves with lukewarm  water  or  milk , bake on the lower shelf for 50 - 60 minutes. 
 You can find out whether the bread is ready by the following method: take the loaf out of the oven, turn upside down and tap a few times; if you hear a hollow sound, it is ready, if the sound is muffled, it should be placed back into the oven. 
 Cool on a rack under the tea-towel and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Estonian Snacks, Wheat flour Recipes, Rye bread Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Add category