Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tomatoes_stuffed_with_Bulgur_and_Pine_Nuts


 
 Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 large  tomatoes  (3 lb) 
 1¼ teaspoons  salt 
 2 tablespoons  lentils  (preferably  French green lentils ) 
 1½ cups  water 
 ¼ cup extra-virgin  olive oil 
 ½ cup  pine nuts 
 1 large  onion , finely chopped 
 ½ cup  bulgur  (preferably coarse) 
 1 lb  spinach , stems discarded and leaves thinly sliced (4 cups) 
 ¼ teaspoon  black pepper 
 ½ cup golden  currants 
 ⅓ cup chopped fresh flat-leaf  parsley 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  dill 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 Directions : 
 Cut off and discard top third of  tomatoes  and scoop out insides (leave shells intact for stuffing), transferring to a sieve set over a bowl to drain excess liquid. 
 Coarsely chop  tomato  from sieve and reserve for making braised  eggplant . 
 Sprinkle insides of  tomato  shells with ½ teaspoon  salt  and drain upside down on a rack set in a pan while preparing filling. 
 Simmer  lentils  in ½ cup  water  in a small saucepan until just tender, 18 to 20 minutes. 
 Drain in a sieve, then rinse under cold  water  and drain well. 
 Heat  oil  in a 5-quart heavy pot over moderate heat until hot, then cook  pine nuts , stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. 
 Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. 
 Cook  onion  In  oil  remaining in pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally Until softened but not browned, 6 to 8 minutes. 
 Add  bulgur ,  chard , remaining ¾ teaspoon  salt , and  pepper  and cook, stirring, until greens are Wilted, about 2 minutes. 
 Add remaining cup  water , then remove from heat and let stand, covered, until  bulgur  is tender, about 30 minutes. 
 Stir in  pine nuts ,  currants ,  parsley ,  dill ,  lemon juice ,  Lentils , and  salt  And  pepper  to taste. 
 Spoon filling into  tomato  shells. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bulgur Recipes, Currant Recipes, Dill Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, French green lentil Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Spinach Recipes, Swiss chard Recipes, Add category