Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bacalao_a_la_Viszcaina

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Sofrito 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Sofrito 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Makes 8 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lb thick  salt cod , desalted and cooked, cut into 2- by 3-inch pieces (reserve 4 cups of the soaking liquid) 
 flour  for dredging 
 ½ cup pure Spanish  olive oil 
 4 medium-size all-purpose  potatoes , peeled and cut into ½-inch slices 
 3  pimentos , cut into strips 
 olives 
 fried bread rounds, as an accompaniment 
 Sofrito : 
 ¼ cup pure Spanish  olive oil 
 1 large  green bell pepper , seeded and finely chopped 
 6 cloves  garlic , finely chopped 
 2 large  onions , finely chopped 
 1 cup finely chopped drained  pimentos 
 2½ cups canned crushed  tomatoes 
 1 tablespoon Spanish  paprika  or mild  paprika 
 ¼ cup dry  white wine 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 One day in advance of serving, rinse the  salt cod  under cold running  water . 
 Cut it into 2- by 3-inch pieces, place in a bowl, and cover with cold  water . 
 Change the  water  several times until it is no longer salty. 
 This process should take 24 hours. 
 Drain the fish, place it in a small saucepan, cover with fresh  water , and bring to boil over medium-high heat. 
 Lower the heat to low and simmer 5 minutes. 
 Drain and cool the fish. 
 Dredge the  cod  in the  flour . 
 In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the  oil  until fragrant, then cook the fish until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. 
 Remove the fish from the heat and set aside. 
 Sofrito : 
 In a large saucepan over medium heat, heat the  oil  until fragrant, then cook the  bell peppers , stirring, until slightly softened, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Reduce the heat to low, add the  garlic  and  onions , and cook, stirring, until tender, 6 to 8 minutes, adding more  oil  if necessary. 
 Add the pimientos,  tomatoes ,  paprika , and wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, another 10 to 12 minutes. 
 Place the reserved  salt   cod  soaking  water  in a medium-size saucepan over medium-high heat and cook the  potato  slices until partially tender, 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Add the  codfish  chunks to the sofrito and cook over low heat 10 minutes. 
 Arrange the cooked  potato  slices on top of the fish, do not stir, cover the pan, and shake it several times. 
 Cook over low heat an additional 10 minutes so that the  potatoes  absorb the fish flavor. 
 Transfer to a large serving platter and garnish with the pimientos. 
 Serve with  Pan Frito  (fried bread rounds) and  Arroz Blanco . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cuban Meat Dishes, Salt cod Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Potato Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, White wine Recipes, Pimento Recipes, Add category