Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dragon_Well_Crispy_Bean_Curd

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Seasoning Sauce 
 2 Tbs. regular or low-sodium soy sauce 
 1 Tbs.  granulated sugar 
 1 Tbs.  sesame oil 
 1/3 cup vegetarian chicken-flavored stock 
 1 tsp.  nutritional yeast  flakes 
 2 Tbs.  cornstarch 
 Filling 
 6 large dried shiitake  Mushrooms , soaked, squeezed dry and minced 
 1/3 cup  carrots , steamed until soft 
 1/3 cup  bamboo shoots 
 2 Tbs.  vegetable oil  plus 3 cups for deep-frying 
 “ Duck ” Rolls 
 2 25-inch round sheets (1 1/3-oz. each) fresh or frozen  bean curd  skin, at room temperature 
 Accompaniments 
 4 scallions, trimmed and julienned 
 16 Peking pancakes 
 1/2 cup hoisin sauce 
 Directions : 
 1. To make Seasoning Sauce: Combine all ingredients in small bowl, and mix well.
 2. To make Filling: Combine  Mushrooms , steamed  carrots  and  bamboo shoots . Heat wok, and add 2 tablespoons  oil . Stir-fry  Mushrooms ,  carrots  and  bamboo shoots  for 1 minute. Stir Seasoning Sauce, add
 3 tablespoons to wok and toss well. Remove from heat, and set aside to cool.
 3. To make “ Duck ” Rolls: Place  bean curd skins  flat on work surface. Trim off thick or uneven edges, and square circles. Mist surface lightly with  water  to soften, if necessary. Cut sheets in half, and stack.
 4. Stir Seasoning Sauce, spread about 2
 tablespoons on bottom skin and top with second skin. Brush second skin with 2
 tablespoons Seasoning Sauce, and scatter one-third of  Mushroom  mixture over top, spreading out to cover sheet on all surfaces. Repeat with remaining two sheets. Roll stacked sheets jellyroll fashion. Cut each roll in half, and cover with plastic wrap to firm in refrigerator for about 1 hour.
 5. Heat 3 cups  oil  in large stockpot to 375F. Remove rolls from refrigerator, and discard plastic wrap. Deep-fry until golden brown, and remove from  oil  with tongs or slotted spoon. Place rolls on paper towel to remove excess  oil , drizzle with remaining seasoning sauce and slice into 16 rolls.
 6. To serve, place “ Duck ” Rolls on platter with scallions and folded Peking pancakes. Pass with hoisin sauce, adding more sauce as needed. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Bamboo shoot Recipes, Duck Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category