Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cinnamon_Rolls_I

Ingredients : 
 1 cup warm  water  (110 – 115°F) 
 ¼ cup  instant dry milk 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 3½ cups  all purpose flour , divided 
 ⅛ tsp ground  ginger 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  cinnamon  (optional) 
 liquid  sugar substitute  to equal 2 tbsp  sugar , optional 
 1½ tsp  margarine  at room temperature 
 ½ cup  brown sugar  twin granulated 
 sugar substitute 
 1½ tbsp  margarine  at room temperature 
 Directions : 
 Place  water , dry  milk , and  yeast  in mixer bowl; mix lightly and let set for 5 minutes. 
 Add 1½ cups  flour  to liquid. 
 Mix at medium speed, using dough hook for 4 minutes. 
 Add  ginger ,  oil ,  salt ,  cinnamon , sweetener, and 1½ cups  flour  to batter and mix at low speed, using dough hook, for another 4 minutes. 
 Use as much of the remaining  flour  as necessary to make a smooth resilient dough. 
 Shape the dough into a ball and place in a bowl that has been well greased with  margarine . 
 Turn the ball over to coat the top with margarine. 
 Cover with a cloth and set in a warm place until doubled in volume. 
 Turn dough onto a lightly floured working surface and knead lightly. 
 Form into a ball an return to greased bowl, turning the top again to cover it with  margarine . 
 Cover with a cloth and set in a warm place until doubled in volume. 
 Use 1½ tsp  margarine  to grease the sides and bottom of a 9 by 13 cake pan. 
 Set aside for later use. 
 Turn dough onto a lightly floured working surface. 
 Knead lightly and form into a ball. 
 Cover with a cloth and let rest 10 minutes. 
 Roll dough out to form a 9 by 16 inch rectangle. 
 Spread the softened 1½ tbsp of  margarine  evenly over the dough. 
 Sprinkle evenly with the  brown sugar  substitute and  cinnamon  mixture. 
 Roll into a long roll like a jelly roll and cut into 24 equal slices. 
 Place the slices, cut side down, in the cake pan, spacing them evenly. 
 Cover with a cloth an let rise until double in volume. 
 Bake at 375°F for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. 
 Turn rolls out of the pan onto a wire rack and serve warm, if possible. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Energy per 1 roll serving: 99 calories cho 14 gm; pro 2 gm; fat 4 gm; na 107 mg 
 
 low-sodium diets: omit  salt . Use salt-free  margarine . 
 
 
 
Categories: Brown sugar Recipes, Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Powdered milk Recipes, Sweet bread Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category