Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bindaetuk

      Bindaetuk     
 Ingredients : 
 2 tb  glutinous rice 
 1 cup whole  mung beans 
 1 cup mung  bean sprouts 
 2  scallions ; thinly sliced 
 ⅓ cup  green pepper , chopped 
 ⅓ cup finely chopped  onion 
 ¼ tsp  baking soda 
 2 tsp  sesame oil 
 1 tbsp  sesame seeds , toasted and lightly crushed 
 2 tsp Japanese  soy sauce 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ¾ cup  vegetable oil  (about) 
 Dipping Sauce : 
 4 tbsp Japanese  soy sauce 
 2½ tbsp  rice vinegar 
 1 tsp  sugar 
 1 tbsp minced  scallion 
 1  garlic  clove, peeled and mashed 
 Directions : 
 Wash and drain  rice . 
 Pick over  mung beans ; wash and drain. 
 Place  rice  and  beans  in a bowl and cover with 5 cups of  water . 
 Let soak for10 hours. 
 Remove skins from  beans  by rubbing between your hands. 
 Drain off floating skins now and then, replacing  water  with fresh  water , until most all of the skins are removed and drained away. 
 Drain off remaining  water  and blend  rice  and  beans  in a food processor until it becomes a thick paste. 
 With machine running, gradually add ¾ cup  water  to mixture; blend in thoroughly. 
 Blanch  bean sprouts  in boiling  water  for 2 minutes; drain. 
 Squeeze out as much moisture as possible, then stir sprouts into the batter along with the scallions,  green pepper ,  onion ,  baking soda ,  sesame oil ,  sesame seeds ,  soy sauce  and  salt . 
 Mix well. 
 Have all cooking paraphernalia ready and at hand. 
 You will need to have near your skillet: ¼ to ½ cup of  vegetable oil  in a cup or bowl with a small spoon, a larger spoon to spread the batter, the bowl of batter with a ⅓-cup measuring scoop/cup, a metal spatula for turning the pancakes, and a plate on which to place the finished dosas after they are cooked. 
 Pour 1 teaspoon of  oil  into the skillet and tilt to distribute evenly. 
 Heat the skillet over medium-low until  oil  is hot. 
 Pour ⅓ cup of the mixture onto the center of the hot skillet. 
 Use the large spoon to spread the batter in a spiral motion, until the pancake is about 6-7 inches in diameter. 
 Turn pancake after 2–3 minutes and cook another 2–3 minutes on the other side. 
 Remove pancake to plate and repeat with remaining batter, adding only enough additional  oil  to the skillet as needed to keep surface evenly greased. 
 I found that about ½ to ¾ teaspoon for each pancake was plenty, but your mileage may vary. 
 Dipping Sauce : 
 Mix together all ingredients and serve with hot bindaetuk. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/2f/Korean_bread.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004728']
Categories: Mung bean sprout Recipes, Glutinous rice Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Korean Snacks, Mung bean Recipes, Pancake Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Add category