Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lasagne


 Browse All Lasagne Recipes 
 
       Lasagne     
 About Lasagne : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Lasagne on Wikipedia 
 Lasagne , also lasagna, is both a form of pasta in sheets (often rippled in North America, though seldom so in Italy) and also a dish, sometimes named Lasagne al forno (meaning "Lasagne in the oven") made with alternate layers of pasta, cheese, and ragù (a meat sauce). While it is traditionally believed to have originated in Italy, then evidence has come to light suggesting that a very similar meal known as "loseyns" (pronounced 'lasan') was eaten in the court of King Richard II in the 14th Century. The recipe was also featured in the first cookbook ever written in England. However, the claim is just far from universally accepted, the Italian Embassy in London particularly speaking out against it for Italy.
Lasagne is  the best food. “ Lasagna is a culinary dish made with stacked layers of pasta alternated with sauces and ingredients such as meats, vegetables and cheese, and sometimes topped with melted grated mozzarella cheese. The first recorded recipe was set down in the early 14th-century Liber de Coquina (The Book of Cookery). This recipe was later evolved into the traditional lasagna of Naples ‘lasagne di carnevale’ which is layered with local sausage, small fried meatballs, hard-boiled eggs, ricotta or mozzarella cheese and Neapolitan Ragù. The largest lasagne is 4,865 kg (10,725 lb 7 oz) and was created by Magillo Restaurant and Macro Supermarket (both Poland), in Wieliczka, Poland, on 20 June 2012. The attempt was made during the 2012 UEFA European Football Championship in Poland and was made in the city where the national Italian team were staying. Around 5,000 people attended the making of the lasagne. Makro supermarket supported the attempt. The most expensive lasagna in the world is served in Las Vegas in Portofino at the Mirage. It is the “Diamond and Gold” lasagna for $100 a slice. The lasagna is made of the layers of pasta stuffed with porcini mushrooms, Iberico ham and Prosciutto di Parma as well as 24-month-aged Parmigiano-Reggiano, buffalo mozzarella and Kobe Bolognese spread between each layer. A “foi alfredo” sauce — an Alfredo sauce infused with foie gras — tops the dish. On top, White Diamond truffles shaved table side and for kicks and giggles, 23-karat gold flakes. In the United States, July 29th is celebrated as National Lasagna Day. The Carnival lasagna is a very rich Neapolitan dish served on Fat Thursday. You can fill them with meatballs, sausages, ricotta cheese, mozzarella, and eggs. Lasagne is a type of pasta-based dish typically made using a mixture of layered pasta and sauces, and is generally served hot as the primary component of a main meal.‘Lasagne’ is technically the plural term for ‘lasagna’, although both terms are not always used grammatically correctly. The ingredients of lasagne commonly include meat, cheese, vegetables, and pasta, and the dish typically includes a tomato based sauce.Lasagne possibly has its origins in Ancient Greece and Rome, as a flatbread, although the Italians in Naples are believed to have first produced the modern style dish in the medieval period.Classic Italian versions of lasagne generally consist of the traditional sauces, béchamel – a white sauce, and ragù – a meat and vegetable sauce, along with Parmesan cheese (Parmigiano-Reggiano). Large sheets of rectangular shaped pasta, that are generally flat or sometimes corrugated, are most commonly used in the making of lasagne. The term ‘lasagne’ is thought to have originated from either the Latin or Greek languages, most likely from the words ‘lasanum’ or ‘laganon’, the former meaning ‘pot’ in Latin, while the latter meaning ‘cut strips of pasta’ in Greek. Lasagne is typically made by layering sheets of pasta between layers of cooked sauce; topped with grated cheese; and then baked in an oven. The first recipe book to feature a modern lasagna recipe, believed to have been written by an Italian and named the Liber de Coquina, ‘the book of cookery’, was published in the 1300s. The meat sauce used in lasagne often contains minced beef or other ground meat, although vegetarian versions are not uncommon, with layers of vegetables used as a meat sauce substitute. All of us know that lasagna is a food. But the term is actually used to refer to the pot to make the dish. Many people believe that lasagna word comes from Greek language. It is from lasanon which means pot. The types of lasagna in Italy are determined by the area.  If you come to northern Italy, you can find that lasagna is cooked with flat noodles. In southern Italy, people use the rippled noodles. The people in the US like to have their lasagna in rippled noodles. You may not know this, but technically, Lasagna did not originate in Italy as you may expect. It’s origin can be traced way back to Ancient Greece. The name Lasagna, or “Lasagne” is derived from the Greek word ‘Laganon’; the first known form of pasta. Laganon was not a traditional lasagna as we know it with traditional Italian ingredients, but it was composed of layers of pasta and sauce. So it basically got its name from the method in which it was made, not for its ingredients.Fast-forward a few centuries…Many countries have debated for years who came up with the first lasagna recipe. Of course, Italy claims they were the first, but really should be credited for perfecting the layers and layers of deliciousness that is lasagna. In fact, researchers in Britain found a cookbook with a lasagna recipe that dates back to the 1390’s, staking their claim to the first lasagna. To recap, the name can be traced back to Ancient Greece, the first recipe to Britain and generations of perfecting the dish to Italy! Regardless of who can claim the lasagna fame, we are grateful to whomever is responsible for passing this recipe on through the centuries!  While many of us associate lasagna pasta with Italy, there are others who would attest that lasagna originated in Greece or England. However, most reports seem to indicate that this pasta dish - as we now know it - made its first appearance in the Italian city of Naples during the Middle Ages. There may be a couple of reasons for the confusion: First, the word "lasagna" (or "lasagne") was derived from the word "Laganon," which is a Greek word that described the first known pasta. (The Romans appropriated the word to form the word "lasanum" or "lasanon," which was used to describe a cooking pot.) In Italian, the word "lasagne" is used to refer to lasagna pasta in its plural form.  Second, a British version of lasagna may date as far back as the 1390s, and this recipe is largely considered to be the first actual version of lasagna. Regardless of where the flat, broad pasta may have had its origins, there can be no doubt that it was perfected by the Italians. One Italian recipe from the 16th century seemed to be more of a desert than a savory entrée. The recipe featured cinnamon and sugar, resulting in a final product that was probably a delightfully sweet version of the pasta dish. Today, we feast on the perfect, savory blend of tomato sauce, various cheeses, and flat noodles that, when combined, become a warm, inviting dish of lasagna. Lasagne originated in Italy during the Middle Ages and have traditionally been ascribed to the city of Naples. The first recorded recipe was set down in the early 14th-century Liber de Coquina (The Book of Cookery). It bore only a slight resemblance to the later traditional form of lasagne, featuring a fermented dough flattened into thin sheets (lasagne), boiled, sprinkled with cheese and spices, and then eaten with a small pointed stick. Recipes written in the century following the Liber de Coquina recommended boiling the pasta in chicken broth and dressing it with cheese and chicken fat. In a recipe adapted for the Lenten fast, walnuts were recommended. The traditional lasagne of Naples, lasagne di carnevale, are layered with local sausage, small fried meatballs, hard-boiled eggs, ricotta and mozzarella cheeses, and sauced with a Neapolitan ragù, a meat sauce. Lasagne al forno, layered with a thicker ragù and Béchamel sauce, and corresponding to the most common version of the dish outside Italy, are traditionally associated with the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. In other regions, lasagne can be made with various combinations of ricotta or mozzarella cheese, tomato sauce, meats (e.g., ground beef, pork or chicken), and vegetables (e.g., spinach, zucchini, olives, mushrooms), and the dish is typically flavoured with wine, garlic, onion, and oregano. In all cases, the lasagne are oven-baked (al forno).Traditionally, pasta dough prepared in Southern Italy used semolina and water; in the northern regions, where semolina was not available, flour and eggs were used. In modern Italy, since the only type of wheat allowed for commercially sold pasta is durum wheat, commercial lasagne are made of semolina from durum wheat. In the northern Italian region of Emilia-Romagna, and especially in its capital, Bologna, layers of lasagne are traditionally green (the color is obtained by mixing spinach or other vegetables in the dough) and served with ragù (a thick sauce made from onions, carrots, celery, finely ground pork and beef, butter, and tomatoes),[7][8] bechamel and Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese.
 
 
This flat, rectangular pasta resembles the small, corrugated sheet. It is boiled, used in layers with fillings of many kinds in between. This is unique and can be baked.
 
 Lasagne Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3c/Lasagne_noodles.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20110422005049']
Categories: Pasta ribbons, Italian Food Glossary, Add category