Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pan-fried_Catfish_with_Chili_Hollandaise


 
 Description : 
 A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  sour cream 
 ½ cup  buttermilk 
 ½ teaspoon  Tabasco sauce 
 1 tablespoon (plus 1 teaspoon)  spicy brown mustard 
 2 large  egg yolks 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 cup  all-purpose flour 
 ½ cup stone-ground  cornmeal 
 ½ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 4 U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets 
 peanut oil  for frying 
 1 cup  Chili hollandaise  (ingredients follow) 
 Chili hollandaise : 
 6 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 2 tablespoons finely chopped  red bell pepper 
 2 tablespoons finely chopped  green bell pepper 
 ½  onion , finely chopped 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 1½ teaspoons  chili powder 
 ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon dried  oregano 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 tablespoons dry  white wine 
 ½ cup  chicken stock  or canned broth 
 2 large  egg yolks 
 1 teaspoon  lemon juice 
 Directions : 
 Stir  sour cream ,  buttermilk ,  tabasco sauce ,  mustard ,  egg yolks , 1 teaspoon of  salt  and ½ teaspoon of  pepper  in a shallow dish until well mixed. 
 Mix  flour ,  cornmeal ,  cayenne pepper , 1 tablespoon of  salt , and 1 tablespoon of  pepper  in another shallow dish or on a piece of wax paper. 
 Dip each  catfish  fillet in the  sour cream  mixture and drain off excess. 
 Dredge the coated fillets in the  flour  mixture, coating evenly. 
 Set aside on a wax paper-lined baking sheet. 
 Pour a ½-inch of  oil  in a large skillet and heat to 350 °F on a deep-frying thermometer. 
 Fry fillets in the hot  oil , two at a time, for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. 
 Drain on paper towels. 
 Serve hot with  Chili hollandaise  spooned over top of each fillet. 
 Chili hollandaise : 
 Melt 1 tablespoon of the  butter  in a medium saucepan over low heat. 
 Add  bell peppers ,  onion  and  garlic ; cook, stirring for 1 to 2 minutes or until softened. 
 Add  chili powder ,  cayenne pepper  and  oregano  and season with  salt  and  pepper ; cook 1 to 2 minutes longer. 
 Add wine and stir to deglaze pan. 
 Add  chicken stock , bring to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes or until the sauce is slightly thickened and syrupy. 
 Melt the remaining 5 tablespoons of  butter ; set aside. 
 Put the reduced sauce in the top of a double boiler and set over a pan of hot  water  over low heat. 
 Add  egg yolks  and whisk for about 5 minutes or until sauce begins to thicken. 
 Be careful not to overheat or it will curdle. 
 Remove the top of the double boiler from the pan of  water  and gradually whisk in the melted  butter . 
 Whisk in  lemon juice  and season with  salt  to taste. 
 Keep sauce warm over hot  water  off the burner until ready to serve. 
 Do not let the sauce get hot or it will break up. 
 
 
 
Categories: Buttermilk Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Prepared mustard Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Spicy catfish Recipes, Add category