Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Blueberry_Bundt_Cake

Ingredients : 
 For the Blueberry Bundt Cake:
 
 2 and 1/2 cups (10 and 1/4 ounces) all-purpose flour 
 1 teaspoon baking powder 
 1/2 teaspoon baking soda  
 1/2 teaspoon salt 
 12 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature 
 8 ounces full-fat cream cheese, at room temperature 
 2 cups (14 ounces) granulated sugar 
 1 teaspoon vanilla extract  
 5 large eggs, at room temperature 
 2 cups  (227g/8 ounces) fresh or frozen blueberries  
 For the Cream Cheese Frosting:
 
 4 ounces full-fat cream cheese, room temperature 
 2 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature 
 2 and 1/2 cups confectioners' sugar, sifted, more if needed 
 1/8 teaspoon salt (tiny pinch!) 
 1 and 1/2 Tablespoons heavy cream  
 For Decoration: 
 
 Fresh blueberries  
 Instructions : 
 For the Blueberry Bundt Cake:
 
 Preheat oven to 325°F (163°C). Generously grease a 10-inch (12-cup) bundt pan, being sure to coat all of the nooks and crannies. I suggest using a non-stick baking spray that has flour in it, or greasing the pan with shortening or butter, then dusting it with flour. Set pan aside until needed. 
 In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; whisk well to combine then set aside until needed. 
 In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl using a handheld electric mixer, beat the butter and cream cheese at medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute. Gradually add in the sugar, then increase the speed to medium-high and continue beating until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the vanilla extract. 
 Reduce the speed back to medium, then add in the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Reduce the speed to low and add in the flour mixture, mixing just until combined. Turn mixer off. 
 Using a rubber spatula, gently fold the blueberries into the batter, mixing until just combined. 
 Scrape the batter into the prepared pan. 
 Bake for 65 to 75 minutes, or until the cake is golden and a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Allow the cake to cool in the pan, set on a wire rack, for 20 minutes. Then invert the cake onto the rack and cool completely. 
 For the Cream Cheese Frosting:
 
 In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl using a handheld electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and butter on medium-speed until completely smooth. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add in the confectioners' sugar, beating until all of the sugar is completely combined. Add in the salt and heavy cream. Once all of the ingredients have been incorporated, increase the speed to medium-high and beat for a minute. 
 Spread frosting on the top and sides of the cooled cake. Top with fresh blueberries. 
 Slice and serve, or store in an airtight container in the fridge, for up to 5 days. 
 
 
 
Categories: Blueberry Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Butter Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Egg Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Add category