Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jiaozi

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Jiaozi dough 
 2.2   Filling 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 Chinese dumplings
 
 Ingredients : 
 Jiaozi dough : 
 3 cups  all-purpose flour 
 up to 1¼ cups ice cold  water 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 Filling : 
 1 cup  ground pork  or  beef 
 1 tbsp  soy sauce 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 tbsp  Chinese rice wine  or dry  sherry 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly ground  white pepper , or to taste 
 3 tbsp  sesame oil 
 ½  green onion , finely minced 
 1½ cups finely shredded  napa cabbage 
 4 tablespoons shredded  bamboo shoots 
 2 slices fresh  ginger , finely minced 
 1 clove  garlic , peeled and finely minced 
 Directions : 
 Stir the  salt  into the  flour . 
 Slowly stir in the cold  water , adding as much as is necessary to form a smooth dough. 
 Don't add more  water  than is necessary. 
 Knead the dough into a smooth ball. 
 Cover the dough and let it rest for at least 30 minutes. 
 While the dough is resting, prepare the filling ingredients. 
 Add the soy sauce,  salt ,  rice wine  and  white pepper  to the meat, stirring in only one direction. 
 Add the remaining ingredients, stirring in the same direction, and mix well. 
 To make the dumpling dough: knead the dough until it forms a smooth ball. 
 Divide the dough into 60 pieces. 
 Roll each piece out into a circle about 3-inches in diameter. 
 Place a small portion (about 1 level tablespoon) of the filling into the middle of each wrapper. 
 Wet the edges of the dumpling with  water . 
 Fold the dough over the filling into a half moon shape and pinch the edges to seal. 
 Continue with the remainder of the dumplings. 
 To cook, bring a large pot of  water  to a boil. 
 Add half the dumplings, giving them a gentle stir so they don't stick together. 
 Bring the  water  to a boil, and add ½ cup of cold  water . 
 Cover and repeat. 
 When the dumplings come to a boil for a third time, they are ready. 
 Drain and remove. 
 If desired, they can be pan-fried at this point. 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Snacks, Dumpling Recipes, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Shaoxing wine Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category