Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bahamian_Lamb_Curry

Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 2 lb boneless  lamb shoulder   [1]  or  beef chuck , trimmed of fat and cut into 1-inch cubes 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 1 cup finely diced  onion 
 ½ cup finely chopped  celery 
 3 cloves minced  garlic 
 3 tbsp  curry powder 
 ½ tsp ground  cumin  powder 
 1 tbsp  tomato paste 
 4 cups  chicken broth 
 ¼ tsp dried  thyme 
 1  bay leaf 
 2 cup peeled  carrots , cut into ½-inch dice (4 medium) 
 3 cup peeled, all-purpose  potatoes , cut into ½-inch dice (1½ pounds) 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ¾ cup  coconut milk , regular or light 
 2 tbsp fresh  lime juice 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 ¼ cup chopped  cilantro , for garnish, optional 
 cooked  rice  and  cilantro  for serving 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan large enough to hold the  lamb  in a single layer (or in batches) over moderate heat, heat the  oil . 
 Pat the  lamb  cubes dry with paper towels and brown them, over medium high heat, for about 10 minutes until brown on all sides. 
 As each batch is done, remove them to a bowl. 
 When the  lamb  is brown, discard the fat from the saucepan and replace it with the  butter . 
 Melt the  butter  over moderate heat, then add the  onion  and  celery  and cook uncovered, stirring once or twice, for about 5 minutes or until tender. 
 Add the  garlic ,  curry  powder and  cumin  and saute for about a minute to cook the spices. 
 Add the  tomato  paste to the  curry , then whisk in the  chicken broth ,  thyme  and  bay leaf . 
 Return the  lamb  to the saucepan and add the  carrots  and  potatoes  and season with ½ teaspoon of  salt . 
 Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat, cover and simmer, over low heat, with the lid ajar, for 1 to 1¼ hours or until the  lamb  and the vegetables are tender. 
 Strain the solids, and thoroughly degrease the juices. 
 Discard the  bay leaf  and return the degreased juices to the saucepan. 
 Over high heat, boil the juices down until 1 cup remains. 
 Add the  coconut milk , return the meat and vegetable solids to the pot and simmer the stew to reheat. 
 Stir in the  lime juice  and season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Serve over plain boiled  rice  and garnish with  cilantro . 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   If you can't find boneless  lamb shoulder , buy 3 to 3¼ pounds of  lamb shoulder chops . When you get them home, cut out the bones and remove as much of the fat as possible. Cube the remaining meat into 1-inch dice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Bahamian Meat Dishes, Beef chuck and blade Recipes, Celery Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Curry Recipes, Lamb shoulder Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category