Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cuchifrito

Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1  Pork  stomach. (Cuajo) 
 2 Pounds of pig ears. (Oreja de cerdo) 
 2 Pounds of blood  Sausage . (Morcilla) 
 2 Pounds of pig tongue. (Lengua de cerdo) 
 2 Pounds of green  bananas . (quineos verde) 
 The juice of six  lemons . 
 Mojo as needed. (You will find the recipe for mojo on the foundation page.) 
 2 Tablespoons of adobo, more or less to taste. (You will find the recipe for adobo on the foundation page.) 
 1 Cup of Sofrito. (You will find the recipe for sofrito on the foundation page.) 
 3 Tablespoons of  oregano . 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 3 Tablespoons of  olive oil . 
 2 to 3 tablespoons of  tomato  paste. 
 2 cans of  tomato  sauce. 
 Directions : 
 Rinse the pig stomach under cold  water  making sure to scrub good and hard both in and out. 
 Remove any stringy fibers and place in a pot with the  lemon juice  and cold  water . Make sure that it is completely covered with the  water  and juice, and set aside. 
 Wash the pig ears in cold  water . Place in a pot with cold  water  and set aside. 
 Wash the pig tongue under cold  water  scrub and scrape good, and place in another pot with cold  water  and set aside. 
 After at least one hour drain the  water  from the pot that has the pig stomach and rinse and scrub the stomach once again. After you have made sure that it is completely clean, Place it in a pot that will be big enough to hold the pig stomach, pig ears and the pig tongue. 
 Add enough cold  water  to cover the pig stomach place the pot on the stove with high heat. Add the sofrito,  salt  and  pepper , and adobo, bring to a boil. Now lower heat and allow to simmer for about one hour. 
 After the pig stomach has simmered for an hour add the pig ears and tongue. You can raise the heat until it comes to a boil, and then lower to a simmer once again. Allow to cook for another two hours. 
 Once all of the above has simmered and you see that it is nice and tender, remove from heat. 9- Remove from pot set and aside and allow to cool. Save the broth and also set aside. 
 Sauce:
 
 Pour  olive oil  in a saucepan and bring up to heat. 
 Stir in sofrito once it starts to bubble add  tomato  paste and stir. Lower heat don't let the paste burn. 
 Add the  tomato  sauce and stir. Once the sauce starts to boil add a little of the broth from the pot that you had set aside. Add enough, but not to make the sauce watery. You are looking for a medium to light texture. This is a good time to taste for  salt . If you would like a spicy sauce, you can add hot sauce or sprinkle some  cayenne pepper . 
 Allow to simmer for about 20 to 30 minutes stirring occasionally. 
 Cuchifrito:
 
 Once the cuchifrito has cooled, slice the cuajo in strips about 3/4; to 1 in wide. 
 Do the same with the pig ears. 
 Slice the tongue into medallions about 1/2; in thick. 
 Place all of the above ingredients in a large bowl or pot. Sprinkle a little mojo not to much. and mix well with your hands. 
 Lightly  oil  a baking pan and place the cuchifrito in it. 
 Place the pan in a preheated 325 degree oven. Allow to roast for about 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown. Remember to stir and rotate from bottom to top so that it all cooks even. 
 In a separate pan or cast-iron frying pan place the morcilla and put into oven allow to roast along with the other meats. 
 Green  bananas : This is the easy part of the dish
 
 Rinse the  bananas  under cold  water . 
 Cut off the ends. 
 Place them in a pot with cold salted  water  and bring to a boil. 
 Lower heat and allow to simmer for about 1/2; hour or until tender. 
 when done turn off heat and leave in the pot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Recipes, Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Oregano Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Banana Recipes, Pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category