Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Biryani

Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound of  basmati rice 
 3 pound  Chicken , skinned and jointed 
 1 large  Onion , thinly sliced 
 oil , for frying 
 9 ounces of plain, unsweetened  yogurt 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon  turmeric  powder 
 2 teaspoons  cumin  powder 
 2 teaspoons coriander powder 
 2-3 cloves of fresh  garlic , smashed 
 1 teaspoon  fresh ginger  paste 
 2 hot chilies, roughly chopped 
 large pinch of  saffron , dissolved in 1 cup of warm  milk 
 juice of 1  lemon 
 1 cup of fresh chopped  coriander leaves  or  parsley 
 2 teaspoons  garam masala  powder (mixed spices) or  curry  powder 
 2 pieces of  cinnamon  stick, 6 cloves, 6 cardamoms 
 Directions : 
 Wash and drain the  Chicken . In a bowl, mix together  Chicken ,  yogurt ,  salt ,  turmeric ,  cumin  powder,  garlic , and  ginger  paste and allow to marinate in the refrigerator for 1–2 hours. 
 Soak  rice  in cold  water  for 30 minutes. Deep fry  Onion  until lightly browned and crisp. Remove  onions  from  oil  and drain on kitchen paper. 
 Bring a large saucepan of  water  to boil and add 3-4 teaspoons of  salt  to make the  water  very salty. Add the  cinnamon , cloves, cardamoms, and drained  rice . Allow to simmer 3–4 minutes or until the  rice  is about half cooked. The  rice  will increase in size, but will still be hard in the center. Remove from heat and drain the  rice  thoroughly. 
 Put the  Chicken  into a large saucepan with the marinade. Sprinkle on half of the fried  onions  and half of the chopped coriander. Then add the  rice  and sprinkle on the remaining fried  onions , the remaining chopped coriander, the chilies,  lemon juice ,  garam masala , and  saffron   milk . Sprinkle on 3 tablespoons of  oil . 
 Make 5-6 holes in the mixture with a wooden spoon handle. Cover with a lid and place on medium heat until steam rises from the holes. Then, reduce temperature and cook on low heat for 45–50 minutes. Move saucepan in a clockwise direction a few times to ensure even cooking. 
 To serve, fluff the  rice  a little with a fork, remove the saucepan lid, turn large plate up-side down and cover saucepan with it. Hold the pot and plate tightly together, turn both upside-down.  rice  should come out on the plate, with the  Chicken  on the top. 
 
 
 
Categories: Basmati rice Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Curry Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Masala Recipes, Omani Meat Dishes, Omani Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Add category