Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spring_Rolls_with_Turkey

Description : 
 Kick off your spring menu with these  turkey  roll ups.
 
 From: National Turkey Federation via Dlifeadmin ( http://Www.Eatturkey.Com/Foodsrv/Recipes.Html ) 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes For Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 2 tsp roasted  sesame oil 
 1⅓ cups  green onion , sliced 
 1 large  red bell pepper , julienne 
 2 tsp fresh  ginger , minced 
 2 tsp fresh  garlic , minced 
 8 oz fresh  bean sprouts 
 4 tsp  cornstarch 
 ⅓ cup  water 
 3 tbsp  soy sauce 
 1 ts  sugar 
 1 lb pulled  turkey , thawed, cut into ¼-inch strips 
 6 cups  leaf lettuce , julienne 
 30 each  spring roll wrappers 
 as needed  vegetable oil  for frying 
 Directions : 
 Heat oils in large saute pan over high heat. 
 Add green onion and  red pepper  and cook one minute, stirring constantly. 
 Add  ginger  and  garlic  and saute one minute. 
 Add bean sprouts and saute one minute. 
 Blend  cornstarch ,  water ,  soy sauce  and  sugar  together. 
 Add  turkey ,  lettuce  and  cornstarch  mixture to pan and cook, stirring constantly, until liquid is thickened. 
 Remove from heat and transfer to a flat pan to cool. 
 When cool enough to handle, place approximately 2 tablespoons on the lower corner of one wrapper. 
 Roll up, folding in sides to completely enclose filling. 
 Seal ends by brushing lightly with  water . 
 Set each aside until all are rolled. 
 Heat at least 2 inches of  oil  to 380°F and fry spring rolls a few at a time until golden brown and crispy. 
 Drain on paper towel and serve immediately with garnish and sauces. 
 Serve one roll per portion. 
 Nutritional Information : 
 130 Calories | 4g Total Fat | 10mg Cholesterol | 120mg Sodium | 17g Total Carbs | 6g Protein | 1g Fiber 
 
 
 
Categories: Bean sprout Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Leaf lettuce Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Add category