Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chalupas_and_Salsa_de_Jitomate

Ingredients : 
 Chalupas : 
 ½ cup  vegetable oil 
 12 x 3-inch-round corn  tortillas 
 1 cup  Salsa de Jitomate 
 ½ cup crumbled Mexican  queso fresco ,  or   feta   or   goat cheese 
 Salsa de Jitomate : 
 3 dried  guajillo chiles , stemmed, seeded and cut open flat 
 3 dried  d'arbol chiles , or other small, spicy dried chiles, stemmed and unseeded 
 1 lb red-ripe  tomatoes 
 6  garlic  cloves, unpeeled 
 1 tsp dried Mexican  oregano 
 1 tsp kosher or  sea salt 
 Directions : 
 Chalupas : 
 Heat  oil  in large skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Carefully place several tortillas in  oil . 
 Cook, turning, until thoroughly heated but still pliable with chewy texture, but not brittle. 
 Remove from heat, drain on paper towels and continue until all tortillas are used up. 
 To serve, top mini  corn  tortillas with salsa de jitomate and sprinkle of  cheese . 
 At a buffet, serve salsa in decorative bowl and allow guests to serve themselves. 
 Salsa de Jitomate : 
 Heat heavy, ungreased skillet to medium-high heat. 
 Flattening guajillo chiles with spatula, toast chiles 2 minutes per side until chiles change color and release aromas. 
 Remove to bowl of hot  water . 
 Toast d'arbol chiles 30 seconds, and add to  water . 
 Soak chiles at least 30 minutes or up to several hours until soft. 
 Roast  tomatoes  and unpeeled  garlic  cloves until each is covered with black spots. 
 Remove from heat, cut out  tomato  stem ends and transfer  tomatoes  to blender. 
 Trim hard ends from  garlic , peel and scoop into blender. 
 Add chiles and enough  water  to facilitate blending, and purée until well blended. 
 Pour salsa into bowl, and stir in  oregano  and  salt . 
 Let sit at least 30 minutes for flavors to meld. 
 
 
 
Categories: Mexican Vegetarian, Oregano Recipes, Chile de arbol Recipes, Guajillo chile Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tortilla Recipes, Feta Recipes, Queso blanco Recipes, Goat cheese Recipes, Add category