Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Estonian_Bread_Soup

Description : 
 When you ask an Estonian about their national dishes, the first thing they mention always is their bread soup--which, of course there are dozens of varieties. This soup should ideally be made with sourdough black bread, but you can use a good pumpernickel. Serve it at the end, rather than the beginning of the meal, as it is really more of a dessert soup.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 cup  Raisins 
 1/4 cup  plum brandy 
 1/2 cup  Sugar  (or according to taste) 
 5 cups  water 
 6 slices black  sourdough bread  (crusts removed, toasted) 
 2 small tart  Apples  ( peeled, halved, and sliced) 
 1/2 cup fresh  cranberries 
 3/4 cup pitted dried  prunes 
 1/2 cup  cranberry juice 
 1 piece (inch)  cinnamon  stick 
 1  lemon juice 
 3 cloves 
 whipped cream  for garnish 
 
 
 Directions : 
 1.	Soak the  Raisins  in the Calvados for 20 to 30 minutes.
 2.	In a soup pot, put the  water  and 1/2 cup  Sugar  to a boil over high heat. 
 3.	Add the bread, and then reduce the heat to low and simmer until the bread just begins to dissolve.
 4.	Remove the bread with a slotted spoon and push it through a fine sieve. You can also process it in a food processor, but for no more than two pulses. The bread should not be pureed.
 5.	Stir the bread back into the pot. Add the  Raisins  with their soaking liquid,  Apples ,  prunes ,  cranberries ,  cranberry juice ,  cinnamon  stick,  lemon  zest, and cloves.
 6.	Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the fruits are tender. Remove from the heat.
 7.	Taste the soup and add more  Sugar , if desired. 
 8.	Cool, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
 
Serving:
 Remove the  cinnamon  stick and cloves before eating. Serve the soup into serving bowls, with  whipped cream . Serving will be enough for 6 people.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Cranberry juice Recipes, Estonian Desserts, Estonian Recipes, Plum brandy Recipes, Prune Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Sourdough bread Recipes, Add category