Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bahamian_Crab_and_Rice

Description : 
 The most important part of the national dish of the Bahamas. Eaten almost everyday with steamed Nassau  grouper , coleslaw and fried plaintain especially between the months of June and August. This recipe will prove challenging for those unfamiliar with how to prepare the land crabs.... but it tastes like manna ... intensely delectable experience for your taste buds!
 
 Ingredients : 
 5 white land  crabs  or 7 black land  crabs , cleaned,segmented,fat removed 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil  or  corn oil 
 1  white onion  or  yellow onion , finely diced 
 2½ tablespoons dried  thyme 
 1½ teaspoons  salt 
 1½ teaspoons fresh ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon seasoning  salt 
 ½  scotch bonnet pepper , finely chopped with or w/out seeds (optional) 
 ½ cup  tomato paste 
 5 cups hot  water 
 2 cups  parboiled long-grain rice  or 2½ cups  long-grain rice 
 Directions : 
 Wash live crabs under the tap using a toothbrush to wash sand from under band and from between toes until completely clean. 
 Turn crab with eyes away, upside down, slipping a blunt knife (a  butter knife  is ideal) between the shell's seam, push upward to separate the crab's shell in two. 
 Be careful not to push the knife too far (the gall sac is in the direct path of the knife!). 
 Pull apart. 
 Scoop the fat from both sides of the shell into a bowl using the knife or a spoon. 
 Discard the empty half shell,band,mouth,gills and all other remaining internal organs,leaving behind the toes of the crab. 
 Break the two segments in half by holding each half securely and snapping apart. 
 This can also be done by chopping the segment with a cleaver. 
 Wash the toe segments under the tap and put them in the bowl with the fat. 
 This process is to be repeated until each crab is processed. 
 Place a large pot over medium high heat, adding the vegetable/ corn oil . 
 Allow the  oil  to heat until a drop of  water  sizzles when dripped in the  oil . 
 Add  onion ,  salt ,  black pepper ,  seasoned salt ,  thyme ,  Scotch bonnet  and stir. 
 Saute ingredients until  onion  is transparent, stirring constantly,about 3 to five minutes. 
 Add crab fat and segments, saute, stirring constantly until fat is liquid, about 7 minutes. 
 Add  tomato paste , stir ingredients together for another 5 minutes. 
 Add  water . 
 Stir ingredients with the  water ,taste, adjust  salt  to taste,bring to a slow simmer. 
 Gently pour  rice  into pot, stirring slowly to ensure even distribution of the  rice  in the liquid. 
 Turn heat down to low and cover pot with a tight-fitting lid to prevent steam from escaping. 
 Cook for about 20 – 25 minutes or until all of the liquid is absorbed. 
 Do not lift lid while cooking. 
 Turn heat off and let  rice  stand covered for 5 minutes or until liquid is absorbed. 
 Fluff and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bahamian Meat Dishes, Crab Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Converted rice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Scotch bonnet Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Add category