Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Feijoada_I


 
 Description : 
 Brazilian black bean and meat stew
 
       Feijoada     
 Ingredients : 
 Beans : 
 2 lb dried  black beans  picked over 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 1 large  Spanish onion  chopped 
 ¼ cup chopped fresh  garlic 
 4  bay leaves 
 12 cups  water 
 2  ham hocks 
 Adobo : 
 ¼ cup ground  cumin 
 ¼ cup  ground coriander 
 ¼ cup  kosher salt 
 2 tbsp ground  cayenne pepper 
 1 tbsp  adobo -style seasoning 
 Meat : 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 lb breakfast  sausage  links 
 1 lb smoked  sausage  links 
 1 lb  chorizo  sausage 
 1 lb  beef tenderloin  cut 1" cubes 
 1 lb  pork tenderloin  cut 1" cubes 
 For serving : 
 8 cups hot cooked  white rice 
 Pico de Gallo : 
 4 large  tomatoes  roughly chopped 
 2  serrano chiles  roughly chopped 
 1 medium  red onion  roughly chopped 
 1 bunch fresh  cilantro  stemmed, and roughly chopped 
 2  lemons  juiced 
 2  limes  juiced 
 kosher salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Sautéed greens : 
 2 lb  kale   or   mustard greens  stemmed, and roughly chopped 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 4 fresh  garlic  cloves chopped 
 ¼ cup  white wine  (or  water ) 
 kosher salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Farofa : 
 1 cup chopped  bacon 
 ½ cup chopped  Spanish onion 
 ½ cup  manioc flour 
 8 tbsp  unsalted butter 
 2 large  eggs  beaten 
 ¼ cup chopped  scallions 
 kosher salt  to taste 
 chopped  scallion  for garnish 
 1  orange  cut into wedges 
 Directions : 
 Beans : 
 In a large bowl, add the  beans  and cover with cold  water  by 2 inches. 
 Let the  beans  soak in the refrigerator overnight. 
 Drain. 
 Heat the  olive oil  in a large pot over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  onion  and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 8 minutes. 
 Adobo : 
 In small bowl, whisk together  cumin , coriander,  salt ,  cayenne , and adobo seasoning. 
 Add the  garlic  and  bay leaves  to the  onion  and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. 
 Add the  beans ,  water ,  ham  hocks, and half of the adobo. 
 Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the  beans  are very tender, about 2 hours. 
 Remove the  ham  hocks and pull and shred the meat. 
 Add the meat back to the stew and discard the bones (the stew can be made up to this point up to 3 days ahead). 
 Meat : 
 In a large bowl, toss the sausages with the remaining adobo. 
 Heat the  oil  in a large cast-iron skillet over high heat. 
 Working in batches, brown the sausages and transfer them to a plate. 
 Roughly chop the sausages and stir them into the stew. 
 Return the skillet to high heat and, working in batches, brown the  beef  and  pork  and add them to the stew. 
 Return the stew to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 30 minutes more. 
 When ready to serve, arrange a mound of  rice  in the center of 8 plates and spoon some of the stew over the top of each. 
 Spoon some of the pico de gallo and greens on opposite sides of the stew. 
 Sprinkle with the farofa and chopped  scallion  and garnish with  orange  wedges. 
 Pico de Gallo : 
 In a large bowl, mix together all the ingredients. 
 Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. 
 Sautéed greens : 
 Heat the  oil  in a large pot over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  garlic  and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. 
 Add the greens and wine and cook, stirring, until wilted. 
 Lower the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  (makes 8 side-dish servings). 
 Farofa : 
 Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  bacon  and cook, stirring, until its fat has rendered. 
 Add the  onion  and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. 
 Add  manioc flour  and cook, stirring, until golden brown and toasted. 
 Add the  butter  and cook, stirring, until absorbed. 
 Add the  eggs  and  scallion  and cook, stirring, until scrambled. 
 Season with  salt , to taste. 
 Transfer to the farofa to a bowl and let cool slightly. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/be/Feijoada.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004654']
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Beef fillet Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Brazilian Meat Dishes, Brazilian Soups, Chorizo Recipes, Ham hock Recipes, Kale Recipes, Mustard greens Recipes, Pork loin Recipes, Add category