Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Meatball_Biryani

      Recipe by Hooked on Heat     
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  basmati rice 
 2 cups finely chopped  onions 
 2 cups diced ripe  tomatoes 
 1tsp chopped  green chillies 
 1 tbsp chopped  ginger 
 1 tbsp chopped  garlic 
 1 tsp red  chili powder 
 1 tbsp  coriander powder 
 1 tsp  cumin  powder 
 1 tsp  garam masala 
 salt , to taste 
 a pinch of  saffron 
 7 – 8  black peppercorns 
 7 – 8  cloves 
 2 – 3  bay leaves 
 1  cinnamon  stick 
 1 tsp  cumin  seeds 
 fresh  coriander leaves  for garnish 
 sliced boiled  eggs  for garnish (optional) 
 Meatballs : 
 ½ kg minced meat (ground  chicken , beef, or pork) 
 1 beaten  egg 
 ½ tsp red  chili powder 
 ½ tsp  garam masala 
 ½ tsp chopped  ginger 
 ½ tsp chopped  garlic 
 salt , to taste 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 tbsp  breadcrumbs 
 Directions : 
 Mix all the ingredients for meatballs in a large bowl. Make mixture into bite-sized balls and fry in a little bit of  oil  until meatballs are brown on all sides. Set aside. 
 Parboil  rice  and set aside. (You can use about 2 – 3 cups pf  water  to cook 2 cups of  rice . Just make sure the  rice  is not fully cooked through, or else the Biryani will turn out mushy.) 
 Heat  oil  and add  cumin  seeds. Add  onions ,  garlic ,  ginger  and green chillies, and fry on medium-low heat till they start to brown a bit. Add  cinnamon ,  bay leaves , peppercorn and cloves, and cook for about 2 minutes. 
 Add  tomatoes ,  salt ,  chili powder , coriander powder,  garam masala  and  cumin  powder. Continue to cook on medium heat till it begins to dry up and starts to give out  oil . Add meatballs, then cover and cook for 5 – 6 minutes till it forms a thick, rich and dry gravy base. 
 In a non-stick deep pan, put a layer of the meatball gravy, without the meatballs. Now add a layer of  rice , topped with a layer of meatballs. Alternate layers of gravy,  rice  and meatball until everything is used up. Make sure that the top most layer is  rice . 
 Crush a pinch of  saffron  into 2 tablespoons of  water  and mix with your finger until the  water  catches color. Pour the  saffron   water  over the top layer of  rice . 
 Cover cook for 15 minutes on a low flame, without stirring. Garnish with fresh  coriander leaves  and boiled  eggs  and serve alongside minty yogurt chutney. 
 Recipe by Hooked on Heat : 
 The blog created by Meenakshi Agarwal is filled with, as the blogger says, lots of spice and everything nice. The pleasant design of the blog is matched by a huge variety of unique content – something you can rarely say about websites or blogs today – facts which make Hooked on Heat a valuable resource for anyone interested in Indian food. 
 Here you will find information on hundreds of Indian dishes, starting from Dips, Sauces and Chutneys, going through Soups and Salads and passing through Delectable Desserts and other food categories that will make your mouth  water . You can reach this wealth of information at the following URL:  hookedonheat.blogspot.com 
 
       Hooked on Heat Blog     
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/03/Meatball_Biryani.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004541', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a7/Hookedonheat.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/500?cb=20080516004853']
Categories: Basmati rice Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Hooked on Heat, Indian Meat Dishes, Rice Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Meatball Recipes, Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Poultry Recipes, Add category