Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Artichokes_Benedict

Description : 
 What's for breakfast? Why not mix up your morning ritual and start your day with this sensational and satisfying dish? No matter which Phase you're in, it's sure to get you off to a good start!
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source: The South Beach Diet 
 Serves 2 
 Ingredients : 
 2 medium  artichokes 
 2 slices  Canadian bacon 
 2  eggs 
 4 tbsp  Mock Hollandaise Sauce  (see recipe below) 
 Mock Hollandaise Sauce : 
 ¼ cup liquid  egg substitute 
 1 tbsp other trans-fat-free  margarine 
 1 tsp fresh  lemon juice 
 ½ tsp  Dijon mustard 
 dash  ground red pepper 
 Directions : 
 Wash the artichokes. 
 Cut off the stems at the base and remove the small bottom leaves. 
 Stand the artichokes upright in a deep saucepan filled with 2-3 inches of salted water. 
 Cover and boil gently, 35-45 minutes. 
 Turn the artichokes upside down to drain. 
 Spread the leaves open like flower petals. 
 With a spoon, carefully remove the center petals and the fuzzy center from the artichoke bottoms and discard. 
 Keep the artichokes warm. 
 Brown the Canadian bacon in a skillet and poach the eggs in boiling salted water. 
 Place a bacon slice into each artichoke. 
 Top with a poached egg and 2 tablespoons of  Mock Hollandaise Sauce . 
 Serve immediately. 
 Mock Hollandaise Sauce : 
 In a 1-cup microwaveable liquid measure, combine the egg substitute and the spread. 
 Microwave on low (20 percent) for 1 minute, stirring once halfway through cooking, until the spread is softened. 
 Stir the lemon juice and mustard into the egg substitute mixture. 
 Microwave on low for 3 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, until thickened. 
 Stir in the pepper. 
 If the mixture curdles, transfer to a blender and process on low speed for 30 seconds, until smooth. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 227 Calories | 12g Total Fat (3g Sat) | 225mg Cholesterol | 16g Carbs | 18g Protein | 8g Fiber | 540mg Sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Breakfast Recipes, Brunch Recipes, South Beach Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Add category