Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Seared_Tuna_Napoleon


 
 Description : 
 Makes 2 to 2½ cups of sauce 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tbsp  wasabi  powder 
 1 cup  mayonnaise , homemade preferably 
 1 pkg.  wonton wrappers 
 vegetable oil  for frying wontons 
 1 ½ pounds  tuna   steak , 1-inch thick 
 4 tbsp  chimayo pepper  (or any medium-hot  chile   pepper ) 
 ½ tsp dried  thyme 
 ½ tsp dried  oregano 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 2  avocados , thinly sliced crosswise 
 1  red onion , sliced paper thin 
 1 pkg.  alfalfa sprouts 
 1 cup  ponzu sauce  (recipe below) or  soy sauce 
 ¼ cup pickled  ginger 
 1 cup finely chopped  green onion 
 Ponzu sauce : 
 ⅛ cups  lemon juice 
 ⅛ cups  lime juice 
 ⅓ cups  rice vinegar 
 1 cup  soy sauce 
 ⅛ cups  mirin  ( Japanese rice  cooking wine, available at Asian markets), alcohol burned off 
 1 small handful  bonito flakes  (dried  tuna , available at Asian markets) 
 1 x 2-inch square  kombu  left whole (giant  kelp , available at Asian markets or health food stores) 
 Directions : 
 Rehydrate  wasabi  in 2 tsp of  water  and mix with  mayonnaise . 
 Place  wasabi   mayonnaise  in a squeeze bottle and chill. 
 Cut the wontons in half to make triangles. 
 Fry until golden brown. 
 Drain on towels and reserve. 
 Coat  tuna  with chimayo  pepper ,  thyme , and  oregano . 
 In a medium skillet, heat  olive oil  over high heat. 
 When pan is very hot, add  tuna  and sear on each side, until the seasoning is blackened but  tuna  remains rare in the center. 
 Slice  tuna  thinly (you’ll need 24 slices). 
 Streak a round plate randomly with  wasabi   mayonnaise . 
 Place a wonton triangle in the center. 
 Layer with a slice of seared  tuna ,  avocado , sprouts and  onion . 
 Repeat until there are three layers. 
 Top with a mound of sprouts, and randomly streak with  wasabi   mayonnaise . 
 Garnish with chopped  green onions , pickled  ginger , and ponzu sauce or soy sauce. 
 Ponzu sauce : 
 Mix all the ingredients together and let stand for 24 hours, the strain. 
 
 
 
Categories: Alfalfa sprout Recipes, Avocado Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Kombu Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Mirin Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Tuna Recipes, Wonton noodle Recipes, Add category