Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sour_Rice_Salad


 
 Ingredients : 
 Dressing : 
 ½ tbsp dried  shrimp , soaked for 30 minutes in hot  water , then drained and squeezed dry. 
 ½" square piece of  belacan , toasted under the grill until light brown and fragrant 
 2 ounces  cherry tomatoes  -- or a wedge of a larger  tomato 
 3 tbsp  kalamansi juice  (½ tbsp  orange juice  and 2½ tbsp  lime juice ) 
 1 clove  garlic , roughly chopped 
 ½ - 1 tbsp  fish sauce 
 3 oz  shallots , roughly chopped 
 fresh chili peppers  to taste, sliced and seeds removed if you wish 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 Salad : 
 1  ginger  flower, very thinly sliced 
 small bunch each (about 1 ounce)  cilantro  (keep stems),  mint , and  holy basil 
 2 sprigs of  daun kesom 
 2 stalks  lemongrass , bottom 3 inches only 
 3 fresh  kaffir lime leaves , stacked, rolled like a cigar, and thinly sliced 
 8-10 sour  spinach  leaves, or double the amount sturdy  sorrel  leaves, sliced as the  kaffir lime  leaves 
 2-4 plump  shallots 
 2 cups cooked  rice  at room temperature 
 Directions : 
 Thinly slice the shallots from the salad ingredients list and drop them in a small pan of  vegetable oil  heated to medium. 
 Fry till light brown—careful here, they'll go from golden to overdone in the blink of an eye—remove from the pan, and drain on paper towel. 
 Set aside. 
 Make the dressing: in a mortar and pestle, pound the  shrimp  to a pulp. 
 Add and pound together the shallots,  garlic , and  chile peppers , if using. 
 Add the belacan and pound it as well, then the  tomatoes / tomato  wedge. 
 Mix in  lime juice , and add the  fish sauce , ½ tbsp at a time; taste dressing after the first ½ tbsp, you may not want to add the other. 
 Add  black pepper  to taste and try the dressing again—more  kalamansi juice  will be in order if your  tomatoes  were exceptionally sweet, or if you're after a real pucker. 
 Pick leaves from  mint  and  basil  sprigs, and chop these very finely together with the coriander. 
 Pick the leaves from the  daun kesom  stem and chop a bit less finely. 
 Remove the hard outer layers from the  lemongrass  stalks, quarter them lengthwise, and slice thinly. 
 Mix  rice  and dressing, then add torch  ginger , coriander-mint- basil ,  daun kesom ,  lemongrass ,  kaffir lime  leaves, and sour  spinach  or  sorrel  and mix again. 
 Allow the  rice  to stand and absorb the flavors of the herbs and the dressing for about ½ hour. 
 Serve topped with fried shallots. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bhutani Vegetarian, Cherry tomato Recipes, Kaffir lime leaf Recipes, Laksa leaf Recipes, Kalamansi juice Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Holy basil Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Sorrel Recipes, Basil Recipes, Rice Recipes, Mint Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category