Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lahmahjoon

Description : 
       Lahmahjoon     
 These savory Turkish or Armenian pizzas are covered in a  tomato  and  lamb  topping, then cut into wedges to serve. Served hot or cold, these may be an appetizer, or put a little salad in the middle, and fold up like a taco for a quick meal.
 
 Yield: 4 lahmahjoons. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound lean  ground lamb 
 1½ cups finely chopped  onion 
 ½ cup chopped  green bell pepper 
 1 teaspoon minced  garlic 
 1 (14.5 ounce) can peeled and diced  tomatoes 
 1 (6 ounce) can  tomato paste 
 ½ cup chopped fresh  italian parsley 
 1 teaspoon chopped fresh  basil 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  mint  leaves 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cumin 
 1 pinch  cayenne pepper  (optional) 
 4  pita  breads, or fluffy  tortillas 
 Directions : 
 Place ground lamb in a large skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Cook and break into small pieces until mostly browned. 
 Drain any excess grease. 
 Add the onion, bell pepper, and garlic. 
 Cook until onion is translucent. 
 Stir in diced tomatoes and tomato paste, then season with parsley, basil, mint, cumin and cayenne. 
 Simmer for about 5 minutes. 
 Remove from heat, cover, and refrigerate overnight to blend the flavors. 
 Preheat the oven to 450 degrees f (230 degrees c). 
 Distribute the meat mixture evenly over the tortillas, and spread out to the edges. 
 Place the tortillas onto a baking sheet. 
 Bake for about 20 minutes in the preheated oven. 
 Remove from the oven and place the lahmahjoons onto a large piece of aluminum foil so that two of them are meat side to meat side, then stack the pairs together, and bring the foil up over the top to keep warm. 
 These can be served hot or cold. 
 Cut into small wedges. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a1/Lahmajun.gif/revision/latest?cb=20080516004226']
Categories: Pizza Recipes, Basil Recipes, Onion Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Pita Recipes, Tortilla Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Mint Recipes, Turkish Recipes, Armenian Recipes, Add category