Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ensalada_de_Bacalao

Ingredients : 
 1 lb. boned  salted cod  fish 
 3 to 4 white  potatoes  (boiled to a firm texture cooled and sliced) 
 1 large Spanish  onion  (peeled and sliced into rings) 
 3 hard boiled  eggs  (shelled cooled and sliced) 
 2 to 3  tomatoes  ( washed and sliced ) 
 ½ cup  olive oil 
 ½ cup  Spanish olives 
 2 to 3 cloves of  garlic  (crushed) 
 1 small jar of red  pimentos  (for garnish only use this after the salad has been completed) 
 Directions : 
 Rinse codfish under cold running  water  and allow to soak over night in a covered bowl or pot over night. Make sure that the bowl or pot is large enough to allow for expansion of the fish. On the following day rinse once again and place in a pot with enough cold  water  to cover the fish. place on the stove and bring to a boil, lower heat and allow to simmer for about 1 hour change the  water  twice during this cycle in order to remove the  salt  and continue cooking until the fish is tender and flaky. Remove from pot set aside and allow to cool. 
 The secrete to this salad is make sure that you keep changing the  water  in order to remove as much  salt  from the fish. Remember you are the final judge as to how much  salt  you want left on the fish. 
 Rub  garlic  in a large salad bowl making sure to cover all sides. 
 Flake the codfish so that it breaks up into nice bite size pieces and place into the salad bowl in order to create a layer add other ingredients except for the  olive oil ,  vinegar  and hard boiled  eggs , making a layer and then add another layer of codfish until you have used all the ingredients. 
 Combine  olive oil  and  vinegar  and pour over the salad and toss until all the ingredients have been coated with the dressing. 
 Add sliced  eggs  and fold in carefully so as not to break the yolks. Garnish with red pimientos. 
 
 
 
Categories: Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Potato Recipes, Puerto Rican Salads, Recipes that need photos, Salt cod Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category