Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Canoas_de_Amarillo

Beef-filled whole ripe  plantains 
 
 Ingredients : 
 8  plantains  ripe but still firm - the skin will be mostly yellow with a few black spots 
 2 1/2 cups filling (may be lobster,  Shrimp ,  Beef ,  Chicken , turkey—see below) 
 frying  oil 
 1/4 lb grated  Cheddar   Cheese 
 The filling:
(A)
 
 1  garlic  clove 
 1 tablespoonful diced pitted,  pepper  or onion-stuffed 
 1 small green  bell peppers , chopped 
 1 tablespoonful chopped  Onion 
 1 tablespoonful  olive oil 
 1  bay leaf 
 (B) 1 1/2 cups lean ground meat
 
 1 tablespoonful  Raisins 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the filling per instructions down below and set aside. 2. Peel the  plantains  carefully to make sure they do not break. You need whole  plantains  and appearance is quite important in this dish. 
 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. 
 While the oven preheats, fry the  plantains  in enough  oil  to cover them. Be careful while handling so that  plantains  do not break. Remove from the  oil  when golden brown. 
 Soak off excess  oil  by draining on paper towels. 
 Slit each  plantain  lengthwise, about an inch from each end, half as deep as the  plantain 's circumference. 
 Place about two tablespoonfuls of the filling inside the slit in each  plantain . 
 Place the  plantains  side by side in an ovenproof dish. Spread the ground  Cheddar   Cheese  over the filling. 
 Bake in the oven for around ten minutes. 
 Serve alone for a light meal. With  white rice  and beans for a traditional Puerto Rican dinner. 
 The filling:
 
 Pour the  olive oil  in a medium saucepan and heat over medium heat. Add the remaining ingredients included in (A). SautŽ for about five minutes. 
 Stir the ground meat into the ingredients already in the saucepan. Cook for about five minutes. Add the  Raisins . Continue to cook for another five minutes or until the meat is cooked but not dry. You may want to remove the  bay leaf  at this time. 
 Other fillings may be used. Lobster,  Shrimp  and  Chicken  are among the most popular. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Clove Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Puerto Rican Recipes, Add category