Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Holiday_Fruit_Bread

Ingredients : 
 1 large  egg 
 1½ cups  buttermilk 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 1 tbsp grated  lemon peel 
 milk  for glaze 
 3 tbsp cold  unsalted butter , cut into ¼-inch pieces 
 1 cup  golden raisins 
 ¾ cup chopped  dates 
 ½ cup chopped  prunes 
 1 to 1½ cups ruby  port 
 fine yellow  cornmeal  for dusting 
 4 cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 ½ cup  sugar , plus extra for sprinkling 
 1½ tsp  salt 
 2 tsp  baking powder 
 1 tsp  baking soda 
 ½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ¼ tsp ground  cloves 
 Directions : 
 In shallow bowl, combine  raisins ,  dates ,  prunes  and enough  port  to just cover. 
 Let stand 30 to 60 minutes. 
 Lightly  oil  large baking sheet and dust with  cornmeal ; set aside. 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 In large bowl, mix  flour , ½ cup  sugar ,  salt ,  baking powder ,  baking soda ,  cinnamon  and cloves. 
 Cut  butter  into dry ingredients with a pastry blender or rub it in with your fingers until mixture resembles fine crumbs; set aside. 
 In small bowl, whisk  egg  then whisk in  buttermilk ,  vanilla  and  lemon peel . 
 Drain fruit; discard  port . 
 Add fruit to  flour  mixture and toss well. 
 Make a well in  flour  mixture, add  buttermilk  mixture and stir briskly with wooden spoon just until dough pulls together in a mass. 
 Let stand 3 minutes. 
 Lightly dust work surface and hands with  flour . 
 Turn dough out onto surface and divide in half. 
 Knead each half 30 seconds then pat into 1-inch-thick circles. 
 Brush off any  flour  on dough, then fold each circle in half (but not perfectly, the top should be set back from bottom by about 1 inch) 
 Lightly brush loaves with  milk  and sprinkle generously with  sugar  (about ½ tablespoon). 
 Transfer loaves to baking sheet. 
 Bake 25 minutes. 
 Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. 
 Continue baking until loaves are golden brown and crusty, 20 to 25 minutes. 
 Transfer loaves to wire rack and cool completely before slicing. 
 To store, wrap cooled loaves in foil and refrigerate. 
 
 
 
Categories: Buttermilk Recipes, Christmas Breads, Cornmeal Recipes, Dates Recipes, Dessert loaf Recipes, Easter Breads, Golden raisin Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Port Recipes, Prune Recipes, Add category