Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Aunt_Junie%27s_Ramen_Salad

Hi,  this is a family favorite.  We call it Aunt Junie's Ramen Salad  since Aunt Junie always brings it to our family get togethers.  I  made it tonight and it was a big hit with our 3 guests.  We're  having our regular August heatwave here in northeast Oklahoma, just in  time for the big pro Golf Tournament in nearby Tulsa.  The big  news of the day was Tiger Woods being spotted on the green practicing  at 6:30 am, and it was around 80 already.  I stayed indoors.   I don't tolerate that kind of heat very well and we have lots of  humidity too.  This is a great side dish or you can add cooked cut  up chicken, summer sausage, chunks of cheese, etc. to make it a meal in  one.  Have fun, stay cool &   enjoy! — Lynn <frugallassie@yahoo.com>
 
 Contributed by Lynn at  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 16 oz bag tricolor  coleslaw  fixings 
 1 package of beef flavor  ramen  noodles, crushed, no pieces bigger than a pea 
 ¾ cup very thinly sliced  scallions , (green or spring onions, about 3 or 4) 
 ¾ cup  sunflower seeds , I use the salted ones 
 ¾ cup sliced  almonds 
 ½ cup  sugar  or part or all  Splenda 
 ½ cup  canola oil 
 ⅓ cup  cider vinegar  (Original recipe used  white vinegar , we like the mellower flavor of the cider. It's also easier on older digestive systems) 
 beef flavoring packet from ramen noodles 
 Directions : 
 In large bowl combine shredded coleslaw fixings, scallions, sunflower seeds, and almonds until well mixed. 
 Cover and chill until shortly before serving. 
 In small bowl blend sugar or Splenda, canola oil, vinegar and beef seasoning from ramen soup package with whisk until blended. 
 Cover and chill until shortly before serving salad. 
 Shortly before serving, stir noodles and dressing into cabbage mixture, blend well and stir one more time just before serving. 
 Keeps well for a few days if it lasts that long. 
 Nutritional information : 
 I made ours with all Splenda and it comes out to 4.1 carbs per ¼ cup of salad.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Ramen Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Sunflower seed Recipes, Almond Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Add category