Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Portobello_mushroom


 Browse All Portobello mushroom Recipes   
       Portobello mushrooms     
 Name Variations : 
 portabello mushroom 
 giant  cremini 
 About Portobello mushroom : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Portobello mushroom on Wikipedia 
 The Portobello mushroom (sometimes portobella) is a large brown strain of the same fungus, left to mature and take on a broader, more open shape before picking. Portobello mushrooms are distinguished by their large size, thick cap and stem, and a distinctive musky smell. Because of their size and the thickness of their fleshy caps, these mushrooms can be cooked in a range of different ways, including grilling and frying. The caps can grow as large as 5 inches (13 cm) in diameter.
 A rich flavored, meaty textured mushroom, which has a large, flat, dark brown cap that grows up to 5 inches in diameter when mature. Beneath the cap, dark gills give this mushroom a distinctive appearance for identification. Also known by its scientific name, agaricus bisporus, this mushroom is delicious when grilled, broiled, or sautéed, providing a somewhat smokey or earthy flavor. When it is not fully grown, Portobello mushrooms are picked as a white round, button-shaped mushroom and referred to as Crimini, Bella or Baby Bella. As it matures, the mushroom cap and gills turn tan to dark brown and the cap becomes flat and broad in shape. These are available from December to March. When selecting, choose those that are fresh looking and have firm, smooth caps avoiding mushrooms that are bruised, wrinkled or broken. To store, wrap unwashed mushrooms lightly in paper towels or place in a paper bag, never store in plastic. Will keep in the refrigerator for 2 days. It is best to eat them as soon as possible after purchasing. When cleaning, avoid using water because it will reduce the flavor of the mushroom. Use a brush to clean sand, grit and other debris from the mushroom. If you must use water, use as little as possible and dry quickly with a paper towel. This mushroom may also be referred to as a Portobella mushroom or as a Bella or as the smaller version, known as the Baby Bella and  Crimini mushroom .
 
 Portobello mushroom Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/77/Portobello_Mushroom.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004532']
Categories: Mushrooms, Add category