Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rellenos_de_Papa

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Meat filling 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Meat filling 
 3.2   Assembly 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Stuffed potato fritters
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds of white  potatoes  (peeled washed and cut up into quarters.) 
 1 package of  sazón  or 1 teaspoon  achiote powder 
 ½ stick of salted  butter 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 2  eggs  beaten 
 1 tablespoon of  cornstarch 
 1½ cups of  meat filling 
 Meat filling : 
 1 lb  ground meat 
 2 oz chopped cooking  ham 
 1 tsp dried  oregano 
 1 medium  garlic  clove (a pilonazo) 
 ¼ tsp  vinegar 
 1 tsp  salt 
 6 – 8 chopped  olives 
 1 tsp  capers 
 1 envelope of  sazón 
 1 x 8 oz can  tomato sauce 
 2 tsp  sofrito 
 8 – 10 chopped  prunes  (optional) 
 2 tsp  raisins  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Place  potatoes  in a pot with a teaspoon of  salt  and cold  water  make sure that the pot is large enough so that the  water  will cover the  potatoes . 
 Bring to a high boil and then reduce heat to a simmer. Allow to cook until the  potatoes  can be pierced with a fork easily. 
 Drain all the  water  and mash  potatoes . 
 Blend in  butter ,  cornstarch  and  eggs . 
 Place mixture in a clean bowl, and cover with a clean towel allow to rest and come to room temperature. 
 Dust your hands with a little  cornstarch . 
 Place a kitchen spoon of the  Potato  mixture on the palm of your hand. 
 Meat filling : 
 In a deep pot, brown the ground meat. 
 Drain most of the grease and add garlic, ham, oregano, vinegar, salt, olives, capers, sazón, sofrito and tomato sauce. 
 Bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to low and cover the pot. 
 Cook for 15 minutes covered. 
 Uncover and cook another 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Assembly : 
 Make a pocket in the center of the mixture and put a tablespoon of the meat mixture into the pocket. 
 Fold the mixture over and then shape it into a ball, making sure that the meat filling is completely covered. 
 Remember to keep your hands dusted with the  cornstarch  this will keep the  Potato  mixture from sticking all over your hands. 
 Continue making the balls and set aside, it would be a good idea to place them in the refrigerator so that they wont get soft and mushy. 
 Place enough oil or shorting in a deep fryer to cover the balls for deep-frying.Stir until foam. 
 Bring the deep fryer up to heat and place balls one at a time. Make sure not to crowd the fryer, you need enough room to be able turn the balls so that that they will not break while frying. 
 Fry until golden brown, remove and allow to drain on a paper towel. 
 Serve while still hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Fritter Recipes, Potato Recipes, Puerto Rican Appetizers, Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Egg Recipes, Ham Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Olive Recipes, Caper Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category