Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fofos_de_Arroz

Description : 
 Deep-fried rice-paste balls filled with shrimp.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  water 
 1 teaspoon coarsely crumbled  dried hot red chilies 
 1 teaspoon finely chopped  garlic 
 1 medium-sized  bay leaf 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup uncooked  long-grain white rice 
 ½ pound uncooked medium-sized  shrimp  (about 21 to 25 to the pound) 
 ½ cup finely chopped  onions 
 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh  parsley 
 1  egg yolk 
 3  eggs  combined with 2 tablespoons  water  and lightly beaten 
 1½ cups fresh soft  crumbs  made from homemade-type white bread, pulverized in a blender or finely shredded with a fork 
 vegetable oil  for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 In a heavy 1½- to 2-quart saucepan, bring the  water , chillies,  garlic ,  bay leaf  and ½ teaspoon of the  salt  to a boil over high heat, and stir in the  rice . 
 Cover tightly, reduce the heat to low, and simmer for about 20 minutes, or until all of the liquid has been absorbed and the  grains  are tender but not soft. 
 Discard the  bay leaf  and set the  rice  aside to cool to room temperature. 
 Meanwhile, shell the  shrimp . 
 Devein them by making a shallow incision down their backs with a small, sharp knife and lifting out the black or white intestinal vein with the point of a knife. 
 Wash the  shrimp  under cold running  water . 
 Then drop them into enough lightly salted boiling  water  to cover them completely, and simmer for 3 or 4 minutes, or until they turn pink. 
 With a slotted spoon, transfer the  shrimp  to paper towels to drain. 
 Cut each one crosswise into 2 or 3 pieces about ½ inch long, and set aside. 
 Put the  rice  through the finest blade of a meat grinder or through a food mill. 
 In a deep bowl, combine the  rice  paste,  onions ,  parsley ,  egg  yolk and the remaining ½ teaspoon of  salt . 
 Knead vigorously with both hands to combine the ingredients thoroughly. 
 To shape each  shrimp  ball, moisten your hands with cold  water  and scoop up about 1½ tablespoons of the rice-paste mixture. 
 Pat it into a flattened round, place a piece of  shrimp  in the center, then pat and press the edges of the round over the  shrimp , enclosing it completely. 
 Roll the fofo between your palms to form a ball about 1 inch in diameter. 
 One at a time, dip the balls into the egg-and- water  mixture, then roll them in the crumbs. 
 Arrange the balls side by side on a rack set over wax paper and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes to set the coating. 
 When you are ready to cook the fofos, preheat the oven to its lowest setting. 
 Line one or two large baking sheets with a double thickness of paper towel and place them in the center of the oven. 
 Pour the  oil  into a deep fryer or large, heavy saucepan to a depth of 2 to 3 inches and heat the  oil  until it reaches a temperature of 375°F on a deep-frying thermometer. 
 Deep-fry the fofos 5 or 6 at a time, turning them about frequently with a slotted spoon for about 5 minutes, or until they are richly browned on all sides. 
 As they brown, transfer them to the lined baking sheets to keep warm in the oven. 
 Serve the fofos de arroz while they are still warm, arrange attractively on a heated platter. 
 
 
 
Categories: Mozambican Meat Dishes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Onion Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Long-grain rice Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, White rice Recipes, Add category