Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate


 Browse All Chocolate Recipes 
 
       Chocolate     
 Contents 
 
 1   Name Variations 
 2   About Chocolate 
 3   Types of chocolate 
 4   Chocolate Recipes 
 
 
 Name Variations : 
 sweet dark chocolate 
 sweet baking chocolate 
 sweet chocolate 
 German chocolate 
 About Chocolate : 
 Wikipedia Article  about Chocolate on Wikipedia 
 Chocolate describes a number of raw and processed foods that originate from the tropical cacao tree. It is a common ingredient in many kinds of sweets, chocolate candy, ice creams, cookies, cakes, pies, and desserts. It is one of the most popular flavours in the world.
 Chocolate is made from the fermented, roasted, and toasted beans taken from the pod of the tropical cacao tree, Theobroma cacao, which was native to South America, but is now cultivated throughout the tropics. The beans have an intensely flavoured bitter taste. The resulting products are known as "chocolate" or, in some parts of the world, cocoa.
 
 Types of chocolate : 
 Chocolate is a popular ingredient and available in many types. Different forms and flavors of chocolate are produced by varying the quantities of the different ingredients. Other flavors can be obtained by varying the time and temperature when roasting the beans. Unsweetened chocolate is pure chocolate liquor, also known as bitter, baking chocolate or cooking chocolate, mixed with some form of fat to produce a solid substance. It is unadulterated chocolate: the pure, ground, roasted chocolate beans impart a strong, deep chocolate flavor. With the addition of sugar, however, it is used as the base for cakes, brownies, confections, and cookies.
 
 Dark chocolate 
 Milk chocolate 
 Semi-sweet chocolate 
 Bittersweet chocolate 
 White chocolate 
 Cocoa powder 
 Couverture / Compound chocolate 
 Chocolate Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f2/Chocolate.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20100713160616']
Categories: Chocolate, Ingredients, Add category