Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bacon-wrapped_Pork_Tenderloin_with_Texas_Caviar

Description : 
 Recipe by Chef Randy Evans of Brennan's restaurant in Houston, Texas via Pork The Other White Meat Mailer
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Serves 6 
 Ingredients : 
 Pork : 
 2 x 16-ounce  pork tenderloins 
 round wooden toothpicks 
 12 slices thick-sliced  bacon 
 salt , to taste 
 black pepper , to taste 
 Texas Caviar : 
 4 cups canned  black-eyed peas , drained and rinsed 
 ½ cup thinly sliced  green onion 
 3 tablespoons  olive oil 
 2 tablespoons  chili powder 
 2 tablespoons  red wine vinegar 
 Directions : 
 Texas Caviar : 
 Combine black-eyed peas and green onion in large bowl. Stir together olive oil, chili powder and vinegar. Add oil mixture to black-eyed pea mixture; stir until evenly coated. Cover; marinate at room temperature for 2 to 4 hours, stirring occasionally. 
 Pork : 
 At least 15 minutes before grilling, soak toothpicks in enough water to cover. 
 Prepare a medium-hot fire in grill. 
 Bring 1½ inches of water to boil in large skillet. 
 Meanwhile, cut each tenderloin into 6 pieces, making 1½-1¾-inch-thick medallions. 
 Lightly season with salt and pepper; set aside. 
 Add bacon to boiling water; return to a boil. 
 Boil, uncovered, for 1 minute. 
 Drain, cool slightly. 
 Wrap 1 piece of bacon around each medallion, securing with soaked toothpicks. 
 Grill bacon-wrapped medallions, cut sides down and uncovered, over direct heat for 14–18 minutes or until internal temperature of pork reaches 160 °F, turning medallions over halfway during grilling. 
 Transfer medallions to serving platter. 
 Remove toothpicks; serve medallions with Texas caviar. 
 Note : 
 For the 4 cups of black-eyed peas, you will need to buy three 15-ounce cans. Be sure to use plain black-eyed peas. Some canned varieties are seasoned.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Black-eyed pea Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Pork tenderloin and fillet Recipes, Add category