Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cuban_Lechon_Asado_(_Roasted_Fresh_Ham)

Description : 
 This is a great recipe found in Steve Raichlen's cookbook 'Miami Spice'. The  pork  roast is wonderful. Easy to make. VERY flavourful. Leftovers are great in wraps! This is traditionally served with  black bean  soup and  white rice , and fried, sweet  plantains ; for dessert, serve a rich flan and you're set!
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 (8 lbs) fresh  ham  ( pork  leg) 
 1 head  garlic , broken into cloves,peeled and minced 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 1½ teaspoons dried  oregano 
 1½ teaspoons ground  cumin 
 ½ teaspoon fresh ground  black pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon  bay leaf  powder 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 1 cup fresh  sour orange juice  (Seville)  or   lime juice 
 ¼ cup dry  sherry 
 2 large  onions , thinly sliced 
 Directions : 
 The day before you plan to serve this dish, trim the excess fat off the  pork  leg; make shallow slits all over the  pork , using the tip of a knife; mash the  garlic ,  salt ,  oregano ,  cumin ,  pepper ,  bay leaf  and  olive oil  to a paste in a mortar; rub this mixture all over the roast, forcing it into the slits; combine the  sour orange juice ,  sherry , and  onions  in a small bowl; place the roast in a large, heavy plastic bag; add the sour OJ mixture, making sure that the whole roast gets covered with the mixture; refrigerate and marinate the roast in the bag overnight, turning occasionally during the time. 
 Preheat the oven to 350 °F. 
 Drain the roast, and pat dry, reserving the marinade; place it in a lightly oiled, nonreactive, heavy roasting pan; cook the roast for 1 hour, turning once or twice to brown it on all sides. 
 Reduce the heat to 325 °F; pour the marinade and  onions  over the  pork ; tent the pan with heavy-duty aluminum foil; (tear off a piece that is 1½ times the width of your pan; fold it in half and crease the top; open it up, and place over the pan like a tent, tightly crimping edges to seal) continue roasting the  pork , basting from time to time with the pan juices, until almost cooked, about 1 hour; add a little  water  or  sherry  if the pan dries out. 
 Uncover the roast and continue cooking until the internal temp reads *at least* 150 °F on a meat thermometer, about 30 minutes more; (most Cubans like the meat well done, so after sitting, it should be up to 180 °F — it's safer, also). 
 Let the roast stand for 10 minutes before carving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bitter orange juice Recipes, Caribbean Meat Dishes, Easter ham Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ham Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sherry Recipes, Add category