Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Walnut_Lobio

      Walnut Lobia     
 Prep Time: 
 Cook time: 
 Serves: 6 to 8 
 
 Description : 
 There are as many different recipes for lobio (beans) as there are people in Abkhazia: lobios flavored with lemon, coriander, walnuts, red hot peppers, cinnamon, cloves, ground marigolds, pomegranate juices, tarragon vinegar, tkemali sauce, plum jam, bay leaves, garlic, tamarind, or some combination of these.
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ pound of small  kidney beans  (~1.25 cups) 
 ¾ teaspoon of  salt 
 1  onion , peeled and finely chopped (in the future, I would cook this in some water or oil first, to reduce the heat – it was just a bit too sharp when put in raw) 
 2 sprigs of  cilantro 
 1 sprig of  parsley 
 ½ generous cup of shelled  walnuts 
 1  garlic  clove, peeled 
 1 small  hot red pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon of  cinnamon 
 pinch of ground  cloves 
 ½ teaspoon of ground  marigold  flower 
 ½ to ¾ cup of  pomegranate juice  (I substituted lemon juice) 
 Directions : 
 Soak the beans overnight covered with water (or if you are, like me, impatient, cover rinsed beans with 4 times their volume water, bring to a boil, then turn off the heat and let sit for an hour. Rinse them and carry on with the recipe or just use canned beans). 
 Place the beans in a large pot and cover with fresh water. 
 Add ½ teaspoon of salt. 
 Bring the water to a boil and simmer until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. 
 Drain and stir in the chopped onion. 
 Grind the cilantro and parsley together with the walnuts, garlic and hot pepper. 
 Add them to the beans. 
 Mix the cinnamon, cloves, marigold, and the remaining ¼ teaspoon of salt into the bean mixture. 
 Pour in enough pomegranate juice to moisten the beans, and mix well. 
 Allow the beans to cool to room temperature, then serve liberally garnished with pomegranate seeds. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f1/Walnut_Lobio.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100708203746']
Categories: Abkhazian Vegetarian, Kidney bean Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Nut Recipes, Add category