Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chelo_Nachodo

Description : 
 Here is a family-style dish to be served any time of year. It is a substantial soup stew, well seasoned in Afghan style and combined with a crispy-bottomed rice provides contrasting texture to stew. The stew and rice are served separately.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Yield: 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 5 cups  water 
 4  chicken  legs and 4 chicken thighs, loose skin - discarded 
 1 cup dried  chickpeas , soaked in - water overnight and drained 
 2 medium (1 cup)  onions , chopped 
 1 rib  celery  with leaves, sliced 
 1 large  carrot , sliced diagonally 
 1 (½ lb)  zucchini , sliced 
 1 tsp  salt , or to taste 
 ¼ tsp  pepper 
 ¼ tsp ground  cumin  seed 
 ¼ cup fresh  coriander , chopped 
 ¼ cup fresh  dill , chopped 
 ¼ cup  lemon juice 
 4 cups  water 
 1 tsp  salt 
 2 cups raw  rice , well rinsed 
 ¼ cup  corn oil 
 Directions : 
 Stew : 
 Bring water to a boil, add chicken pieces, and remove foam as it cooks. 
 Add chick-peas, onions, celery, carrots, zucchini, salt, pepper, and cumin seed. 
 Cover pan and cook over moderate heat for 45 minutes. 
 Add coriander, dill, and lemon juice and simmer over low heat for 15 minutes more. 
 This is sufficient to tenderized chicken and ingrate all seasonings. 
 Rice : 
 Bring 4 cups water and salt to a boil in pan. 
 Add rice and cook over moderate heat for 5 minutes. 
 Drain rice in colander and rinse with cold water. 
 Return rice to pan and pour oil over all. 
 Cover pan and cook over low heat for ½ hour. 
 No other water is added and rice cooks only moisture clings to it after rinsing. The rice will develop a crisp bottom layer. 
 Serve rice and stew separately. 
 Each diner takes their own portion of rice and covers it with as much stew as they wish. 
 Serve warm. 
 Variation : 
 2 lb of boneless  beef chuck  cut into 6 equal pieces may be used in place of chicken, but cooking will take longer. 
 Cook beef stew over moderate heat for 1 hour. 
 Add coriander, dill, and lemon juice, reduce heat to low, and simmer, covered, ½ hour more, or until beef is tender. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Stew Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Rice Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Dill Recipes, Add category