Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Veg._Starters

Hello BHAGYASHREE,
 
  Here are some Veg. Starter Recipes you had requested. Hope you enjoy 'em.
 Bye!!!
  
 Aloo Rolls (Refined flour rolls stuffed with potatoes) recipe  ingredients    500 g (1.1 lb) Potatoes, boiled, mashed
 
 2 1/2 cups (250 g) 9 oz Refined flour (maida)
2 tsp (10 ml) Vegetable oil
1/2 tsp (1 gm) Cumin (jeera) seeds
1 inch Ginger (adrak), finely chopped
a few Green chillies, finely chopped
1/2 tsp (1 g) Turmeric (haldi) powder
Red chilli powder to taste Salt to taste Vegetable oil for deep-frying
 
 
  method
  
   1. Knead the flour with enough water to make a medium-soft dough. Keep aside.
 
 2. Heat the oil in a pan; add cumin seeds. When it starts crackling, add ginger and green chillies. Mix well. Add potatoes and the remaining spices; mix well. Remove and keep side.
 3. Divide the dough equally into 10 portions. Roll each out into a round roti; roast and shallow fry each roti with oil. Repeat till all the rotis are made.
 4. Spread 3 tbsp of potato stuffing on each roti and roll tightly. Serve hot
 
    Baked bread stuffed with chickpea flour (Makuni Litty) recipe  ingredients    3 cups (300 g) 11 oz Wholewheat flour (atta)
 
 1 cup (100 g) 3 1/2 oz Roasted chickpea flour (sattoo)
2 tsp (10 ml) Mustard (sarson) oil
Salt to taste
Red chilli powder to taste
 
 
    method  1. Knead the wholewheat flour with water till soft. Divide the dough to make 5 cm balls.
 
 2. In a bowl, mix the roasted chickpea flour, mustard oil, salt, and red chilli powder. Keep the filling aside.
 3. Take a ball, make a deep depression with your thumb and add 2 tsp of the filling. Pinch the edges to seal. Repeat with the other balls.
 4. Bake the stuffed balls on charcoal embers turning them constantly so that they are uniformly baked and a light coloured crust is formed.
 5. Serve hot with ghee, thick dal, and vegetables. 
 
 
    Corn croquettes (Bhutte Ke Pakore) recipe  ingredients    200 g (7 oz) Corn (bhutta), grated
 
 2 Bread, slices
1 tsp (6 g) Ginger (adrak) paste
1 tsp (5 g) Green chilli paste
1/2 tsp (1 g) White pepper (safed mirch) powder
1 tbsp (4 g) Green coriander (hara dhaniya), chopped
Salt to taste Vegetable oil for frying For the mint chutney: 1 bunch Mint (pudina) leaves
2 Green chillies
1 Onion, small
1/2 tsp (3 ml) Lemon (nimbu) juice
Salt to taste
1 tsp (2 g) Cumin (jeera) seeds
 
 
    method  1. Mix all the ingredients (except oil and ingredients for the mint chutney) together.
 
 2. Divide the mixture equally into lemon-sized balls. Flatten each piece into desired shape.
 3. Heat the oil in a pan till smoking; shallow fry the croquettes till golden brown. Remove and drain the excess oil on absorbent kitchen towels.
 4. For the mint chutney, mix and blend all the ingredients to a fine paste.
 5. Serve the croquettes hot with this chutney. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Add category