Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Souffle_with_California_Berry_Sauce

Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 3 pounds of California  strawberries , stemmed 
 12 ounces  raspberries 
 14 ounces  sugar 
 1 tablespoons or to taste,  lemon juice 
 chocolate  soufflé batter 
 5 teaspoons  granulated sugar 
 ¼ cup cold  water 
 2 pounds  bittersweet chocolate , coarsely chopped 
 12 ounces  unsalted butter 
 1 pound  egg yolks 
 2 pounds  egg whites 
 8 ounces  granulated sugar 
 powdered sugar , as needed 
 California  strawberries  (for garnish) as needed 
 Directions : 
 To make California Berry Sauce, lightly crush  strawberries . 
 Mix  strawberries ,  raspberries  and  Sugar  in saucepan. 
 Bring to boil, stirring often, until mixture naps a spoon. 
 Cool slightly. Puree in blender or processor. 
 Mix in  lemon juice . Pass through fine sieve to remove seeds. Cover and set aside. 
 Makes 6 cups. 
 To make  chocolate  soufflé batter, soak  gelatin  in  water . 
 In saucepan, melt  chocolate  and  butter ; add  gelatin . 
 Stir until completely melted and smooth. Cool. 
 Mix in  egg  yokes to blend thoroughly. 
 In bowl, using balloon whisk, whip  egg  whites to form soft peaks. 
 Gradually add the  Sugar , whipping to form semi-soft peaks. 
 Whip half the  egg  white mixture into  chocolate  mixture. 
 Fold in the remaining  egg  white mixture. 
 Turn into bowl; cover and refrigerate. 
 For each serving, to order: 
 With additional  butter  and  sugar ,  butter  and  sugar  a 6-ounce snuffle dish. 
 Fill with ¾-cup ladle  chocolate  Soufflé Batter. 
 Bake in center of 400 °F oven 9 to 12 minutes, just until snuffle is risen, cracked on top and firm about one inch around edge. 
 Center should be soft. 
 Immediately dust with  powdered sugar  and place on plate. 
 Garnish plate with  strawberries . 
 Present to diner and open top of snuffle with two forks. 
 Serve with a small pitcher containing ¼-cup California Berry Sauce. 
 Pour a little of the sauce into snuffle and leave remaining sauce on table. 
 
 
 
Categories: Soufflé Recipes, Strawberry Desserts, Bittersweet chocolate Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Add category