Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/7-layer_Brownie_Ice_Cream_Cake

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Yield: 12 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 Brownie layers : 
 ¼ cup unsweetened  cocoa  powder 
 3 tbsp  water 
 1 large  egg 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 ½ cup  butter  or  margarine 
 1 cup  sugar 
 1⅓ cups  flour 
 6 cups vanilla  ice cream , softened 
 Garnish : 
 whipped cream 
 raspberries 
 Heath bars , crushed 
 Directions : 
 Trace an 8 inch circle on a piece of waxed paper, using a cake pan as a guide. 
 Place on a stack of 6 more pieces of waxed paper. 
 Using the traced circle as a guide, cut through all pieces of paper, giving you 7 waxed paper rounds. 
 Heat oven to 375 °F. 
 Have 2 cookie sheets and an 8 inch spring-form pan ready. 
 Brownie layers: whisk cocoa, water, egg and vanilla in a small bowl until blended and smooth. 
 In a large bowl with electric mixer, beat butter and sugar about 3 minutes until pale and fluffy. 
 Beat in cocoa mixture (batter may look curdled) with mixer on low speed, gradually add flour until well blended (batter will be very stiff). 
 Spread the 7 rounds of waxed paper out on counter top. 
 Drop a level ⅓ cup batter in center of each round. 
 Divide remaining ⅓ cup batter between rounds (about 2 teaspoons each). 
 Moisten a cookie sheet with water. 
 Place 2 waxed paper rounds on sheet (the water will stop them from slipping). 
 Spread batter almost to edges of rounds. 
 Bake 8 minutes or until surface looks dry and set but is slightly springy to the touch (while first batch bakes, spread out batter for next 2 layers). 
 Cool baked layers on cookie sheet on wire rack 3 minutes. 
 Put layers on waxed paper on a wire rack. 
 Let cool completely. 
 Bake and cool remaining layers. 
 Meanwhile, line spring-form pan with plastic wrap, letting enough wrap extend over sides of pan to cover top when filled. 
 Peel waxed paper off cooled brownie layers. 
 Place 1 layer in bottom of pan. 
 Spread evenly with 1 cup ice cream. 
 Top with another brownie layer, then another cup ice cream. 
 Repeat with 5 more brownie layers and the ice cream, ending with a brownie layer on top. 
 Fold plastic wrap over top and freeze at least 8 hours or wrap airtight and freeze up to 1 month. 
 To serve; remove sides of pan and peel plastic wrap down from sides. 
 Lift cake off plastic wrap onto serving plate. 
 Enjoy. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Ice cream cake Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Egg Recipes, English toffee Recipes, Add category