Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Corn,_bean,_and_pumpkin_stew

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  pinto beans , soaked 
 overnight and drained 
 x  salt 
 1 lbs  tomatoes , fresh or canned 
 peeled, seeded, and chipped 
 juice 
 reserved [peeled and seeded? 
 yea, right.] 
 3 ears  corn  (about 1 ½ c 
 kernels) 
 1 tbsp  cumin  seeds 
 1 tbsp  oregano 
 1 inch piece of  cinnamon 
 3 cloves 
 1 large  Onion , cut into a medium 
 dice 
 2 cloves  garlic , finely 
 chopped 
 1 tbsp  paprika 
 2 cup bean broth or stock [if you 
 make the stock yourself, she 
 suggests 
 one made with  carrots 
 zucchini ,  Onion ,  Potato 
 parsley ,  garlic 
 cinnamon , cloves, coriander 
 seeds,  cumin  seeds,  cardamom 
 pods, and 
 salt  ] 
 3 cup  pumpkin  or winter  Squash 
 peeled and cut into 1 inch 
 cubes 
 2 serrano chilies, seeded and 
 finely chopped [or to make 
 it hotter 
 without adding  chili powder 
 leave in the seeds] 
 x  cilantro  or  parsley 
 chopped, for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Cook the beans in  water  and ½ t  salt  for about 1.5 hrs or until beans are tender. Drain and reserve the cooking liquid. Warm a small heavy skillet and toast the  cumin  seeds until their fragrance emerges; then add the  oregano , stir for 5 seconds, and quickly transfer the spices to a plate or bowl so they don"t burn. Combine them with the  cinnamon  and the cloves, and grind to a powder in an electric spice mill. Heat a wide skilled [with  water  or some sauteing liquid] and saute the  Onion  briskly over high heat for 1 minute; then lower the heat to medium. Add the  garlic , the spices, the  paprika , and 1 t  salt . Stir well to combine; then add ½ c reserved bean broth or stock and cook, stirring occasionally, until the  Onion  is soft. Next add the  tomatoes  and cook 5 minutes. Then add the  pumpkin  or winter  Squash  along with another c of bean broth or stock. After 20 to 30 minutes, or when the  pumpkin  is about half-cooked—soft but still too firm to eat—add the  corn , the beans, and the fresh chilies. Thin with the reserved  tomato juice , adding more broth or stock as necessary. Cook until the  pumpkin  is tender. Check the seasoning, and add more  salt  if necessary. Serve garnished with the chopped  cilantro  or  parsley . Even though there is  corn  in the stew,  corn  bread or tortillas make a good accompaniment. Well, the book is actually greens, not  savory  way, but here"s the adapted recipe (p. 218 °F for those of you that have it on your shelf)
 
 Other links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Better Digestion Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Corn Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Pinto bean Recipes, Potato Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Savory Recipes, Add category