Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Koki


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 to 4 cups (1 to 2 pounds) dry  cowpeas  ,  kidney beans ,  white beans 
 1 or 2  sweet peppers  and/or  chile pepper , cleaned and finely chopped 
 1 cup  palm oil 
 salt 
 banana leaves  (or aluminum foil) and string 
 Directions : 
 Clean the  black-eyed peas  in  water  in a large pot. Cover them with boiling  water  and soak them for at least an hour or overnight. 
 After soaking them, rub them together between your hands to remove the skins, if need be. Rinse to wash away the skins and any other debris. Drain them in a colander. 
 If the beans have soaked only a short time, they may be cooked in  water  over a low heat until they are partially tender. 
 Crush, grind, or mash the  black-eyed peas  into a thick paste. Put the crushed beans in a large bowl. 
 Slowly stir in enough  water  to make the paste smooth. Beat with a wire whisk or wooden spoon for a few minutes or more. It is important to incorporate small air bubbles into the paste. 
 Heat the  oil  in a skillet for a few minutes, when warmed, add half the  oil  to the bean paste. 
 Fry the chopped  pepper  in the remaining  oil  for a few minutes, then add  pepper  and  oil  to the bean paste. 
 Add  salt  to taste and mix well. 
 Warm the  banana leaves  for a half-minute in a hot oven, or on a grill, or in a pot of boiling  water . 
 This makes them easier to fold. 
 Remove the center rib of each leaf by cutting across it with a knife and pulling it off. 
 Cut the ends off each leaf to form a large rectangle. 
 Fold the  banana leaves  to completely enclose the ingredients in a packet two or three layers thick. 
 Place sticks or a wire basket on the bottom of a large pot. 
 Carefully stack the packets on the sticks, add enough  water  to steam-cook them. 
 Cover tightly and boil for one to three hours. 
 Cooking time depends on the size of the packet. 
 The finished koki should be cooked to the center, like a cake. 
 Koki can be eaten hot or cold and is often served with boiled  yam  or  sweet potato . 
 
 
 
Categories: Somali Snacks, Somali Vegetarian, Chile pepper Recipes, Sweet pepper Recipes, Kidney bean Recipes, White bean Recipes, Black-eyed pea Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category