Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roasted_Garlic_and_Potato_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/2 lbs  potatoes  (about 4 medium-sized), peeled and cut into medium-sized chunks 
 8 large cloves  garlic , peeled 
 6 cups  water 
 1 large  Onion , chopped 
 
 1 large  carrot , peeled and cut into large chunks 
 
 1/3 cup  nutritional yeast 
 2 tsp  salt 
 2 tsp dried  rosemary , rubbed between your nice clean fingers 
 4 bulbs of  garlic , roasted 
 1/2 lb (227 grams) of medium  firm tofu  (silken is best) 
 Freshly ground  black pepper 
 Chopped  chives  or  green onions  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Wrap the four bulbs of  garlic  in foil and roast at 400 degrees for approximately 40 minutes, or until squishy to the touch. Unwrap and allow them to cool a bit before slicing off the top 1/4” of the bulbs so that the tips of each clove are exposed. Squeeze these into a small bowl. It is messy and sticky and you will probably not get every last bit of roasted  garlic  out of the skins – that is ok. Using a sharp knife to scrape the roasted  garlic  off of the skins and your fingers is also ok. 
 
 While the  garlic  is roasting, place the  potatoes  in a large saucepan or Dutch oven along with the  garlic ,  water ,  Onion ,  carrot ,  nutritional yeast ,  salt , and  rosemary . Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer until the  potatoes  are very soft (about 20 to 30 minutes). Remove from heat, and strain, reserving the cooking broth. Place the roasted  garlic  and crumbled  tofu  into a food processor along with the cooked  Potato  mixture and some of the broth, and puree until smooth. (You will probably have to do this in increments, unless you have a HUGE-ass food processor.) Transfer this all back into the pot. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Chives Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Potato Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Clove Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Add category