Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Viennese_Cake

Description : 
 1 Layer Cake, 60 minutes preparation.
 
       Viennese Cake     
 Ingredients : 
 2 ounces  cocoa  powder 
 3 ounces  pastry flour 
 8  egg yolks 
 1 whole  egg 
 6 ounces fine  sugar 
 1 tablespoon  water 
 2 ounces  graham crackers 
 2 ounces ground  almonds 
 8  egg whites 
 2 tablespoons  icing sugar 
 Whipped cream frosting : 
 2 cups  whipping cream 
 2 tablespoons  icing sugar 
 1 can pitted  cherries 
 3 tablespoons  Tía Maria 
 1 tablespoon  cornstarch 
 1 tablespoon  water 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Mix together the  cocoa powder  and the  flour  in a bowl and set aside. 
 In a separate bowl, beat the  egg yolks , the whole  egg , the  sugar  and the  water  with an electric beater for 8-10 minutes. 
 Blend the graham crackers and the powdered  almonds  with the  egg  mixture. 
 Put the  egg  whites in another bowl and beat until stiff. 
 Add the  icing sugar  and continue to beat for 30 seconds. 
 Fold the beaten  egg whites  in with the  egg yolk  mixture. 
 Add the  cocoa  and  flour  mixture and fold again. 
 Pour the batter into a buttered and floured round 10" cake pan and bake in the centre of the oven for 30-40 minutes. 
 Remove and let stand for 5 minutes, then turn onto a cake rack. 
 Whipped cream frosting : 
 Whip the  cream  until quite firm, then blend in the  icing sugar . 
 Put the pitted  cherries  along with half the juice in a saucepan. 
 Bring to a boil over medium heat and add the  Tía Maria . 
 Mix the  corn starch  with the tablespoon of  water  and add this mixture to the  cherries . 
 Continue to cook for 2-3 minutes, stirring constantly. 
 Let stand to cool. 
 Cut the cake into 3 equal layers. 
 Cover the bottom layer with  cherries  and the next two layers with  whipped cream . 
 Decorate with  cherries  and grated  chocolate . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/61/835836867.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20050415065338']
Categories: Cake Recipes, Almond Recipes, Austrian Desserts, Cherry Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Pastry flour Recipes, Tía Maria Recipes, Add category