Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Doro_Wot

Description : 
 Chicken stew. This is an Ethiopian recipe for a very hot (key words here are hot, toasty, spicy) sort of stew-like stuff. I am posting it in reference to recent discussion on  injira , the spongey  millet  bread upon which wot is eaten. This recipe comes via my Mom who obtained it directly from a foreign student who used to live with us, who is an awesome cook, BTW. This is a  chicken  version, it can be made with other meats.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 whole  chicken  — skinned and cut up 
 8 lbs  onions  — chopped fine 
 1 lb  garlic  — mashed 
 ¼ lb  ginger  — mashed 
 1 lb  butter 
 salt  — to taste 
 pepper  — to taste 
 nutmeg  or  cumin  — optional 
 1 hard-boiled  egg  — per person 
 berbere  (Ethiopian  chili powder  bere bere , Note: Mommy says nothing else will serve, although  chili powder  is the closest) 
 Directions : 
 Cook  onion  over low heat, not in any fat, for a long time, stirring constantly over very low heat until all the  water  is evaporated. 
 Continue stirring until  onions  are slightly brown. 
 Then add the  butter ; cook about 15 – 20 minutes still over low heat. 
 Add 1 tbsp hot  water  from time to time (texture should be kind of pasty). 
 Add bere bere. If it looks too dry, add hot  water  and stir. 
 Cook it about 30 – 45 minutes - keep stirring frequently. 
 Keep adding hot  water  if necessary. 
 Be careful not to let it brown, because  chili powder  will become bitter. 
 Add  garlic  and  ginger  and simmer 15 more minutes. 
 Add  water  as needed. 
 Meanwhile, with your other set of free hands, wash  chicken  pieces well, and let stand in salted in lemoned  water . 
 Then squeeze each piece really hard to get out as much  water  as possible. 
 Then, make little slits in the meat so the sauce will penetrate. 
 Cook the meat in the sauce until meat is tender, about 30 minutes. 
 Stir from time to time. All this has been uncovered, by the way. 
 Add spices to taste just before removing from stove. 
 Add 1 hard-boiled  egg  per person, which have been slit (the  eggs , not the people), and cook just long enough to heat through. 
 Serve with lots of bread (injera). 
 Freezes well. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ethiopian Meat Dishes, Berbere Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Millet Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category