Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tips_for_Lightening_Up_Favorite_Recipes

You can moderate favorite recipes with a few easy substitutions and tips that'll help you cook and eat more moderately without sacrificing flavor:
 Canned soups are a great beginning for sauces and casseroles. If we choose lighter or reduced-fat or reduced-sodium versions, we can sure save calories and cut down on fat and sodium.
 Select oils such as canola or safflower for frying; they're lower in saturated fat than other types.
 When frying, make sure you heat your  oil  until hot but not smoking. Simply using the right-temperature  oil  will help reduce the fat that's absorbed into food when it cooks. Frying  oil  should stay outside your food!
 Drain all fried foods on clean paper towels to remove as much excess  oil  as possible.
 When a recipe calls for  peanuts ,  pecans  or other nuts, don't be afraid to cut down the amount. Usually we can cut the amount in half and still get great flavor and texture.
 In may cases, we can replace whole  eggs  with  egg  whites (two  egg  whites equal one whole  egg ) and in most recipes, you can go ahead and replace  eggs  altogether with  egg  substitutes. However, I don't recommend using  egg substitute  when coating foods for breading. Breading doesn't stick to it very well.
 Choose lean cuts of meat and trim away any visible fat before preparing. Serve moderate-sized portions, like 3 to 4 ounces of cooked meat (about 4 to 6 ounces raw) per adult (that's about the size of a deck of playing cards). And with ground meats, select leaner blends, preferabley ones that have a 90/10 meat-to-fat ratio (traditional ground  beef  and  pork  usually have a 70/30 ratio).
 Choose cooking methods (like roasting, broiling, grilling and baking on a rack) that allow fat to drip away during cooking.
 In most recipes, you can replace ground  beef  or  pork  with  turkey . Keep in mind, though, that ground  turkey  needs more seasoning than  beef  and  pork .
 If  browning  ground  beef ,  pork  or  turkey  before adding it to a recipe, after  browning , place it in a strainer, rinse it with warm  water , then drain and continue as directed. This should remove most of the excess fat.
 In most recipes you can replace whole  chicken  or parts with boneless and skinless  chicken  breasts. Remember that boneless breasts are generally thinner, so they'll cook more quickly than bone-in parts; adjust your cooking time accordingly.
 Remove the layer of fat that rises to the top of soups, stews and pan juices of roasts. Chilling makes this a breeze, so it's even easier to do with dishes that are made ahead and chilled before being reheated. Or, a timesaving tip for removing fat from soups and stews is simply to add a few ice cubes to a warm cooked dish. As soon as the fat sticks to the cubes, remove them, and the fat will come out right along with them!
 Look in your supermarket dairy case for some reduced-fat, low-fat, or fat-free alternatives. For instance, there's  low-fat milk  for our soups and sauces, instead of  heavy cream  (evaporated skim  milk  will work, too). The same goes for our  cheese  choices. Experiment with those, or maybe just use a little less of the regular full-fat versions.
 When it comes to  mayonnaise , there are lighter varities available too. And when using it in a salad, mix it in just before serving... You can usually get by with using less that way. Or you can use a combination of half  mayonnaise  and half low-fat  yogurt . It does the trick, too!
 Many desserts call for  whipped cream  or whipped topping. To watch calories and fat with those, we've got great choices available with reduced-fat and nonfat whipped toppings. You may need to increase the flavoring or  sugar  a bit, though, depending on the recipe.
 If you're trying to cut down your fat, calorie, cholesterol, sodium or  sugar  intakes, the best advice is still to eat less overall.
 
 Contributed by : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 From Mr. Food 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Add category