Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Barefoot_Contessa_Lemon_Cake

Ingredients : 
 ½ pound  unsalted butter , at room temp 
 2½ cups  granulated sugar 
 4 extra-large  eggs  at room temp 
 ⅓ cup grated  lemon zest  (6 – 8 large  lemons ) 
 3 cups  all-purpose flour 
 ½ teaspoon  baking powder 
 ½ teaspoon  baking soda 
 1 teaspoon  kosher salt 
 ¾ cup freshly squeezed  lemon juice 
 ¾ cup  buttermilk  at room temperature 
 1 teaspoon pure  vanilla extract 
 Glaze : 
 2 cups  confectioners' sugar 
 3½ tablespoons freshly squeezed  lemon juice 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Grease two 8½ x 4¼ x 2½ inch loaf pans. 
 Cream  butter  and 2 cups of  granulated sugar  in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy. 
 With the mixer on med. 
 Speed, add the  eggs , one at a time, and the  lemon  zest. 
 Sift together  flour ,  baking powder ,  baking soda  and  salt  in a bowl. 
 In another bowl, combine ¼ cup  lemon juice , the  buttermilk , and  vanilla extract . 
 Add the  flour  and  buttermilk  mixtures alternately to the batter, beginning and ending with the  flour . 
 Divide the batter evenly between the pans, smooth the tops, and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until a cake tester comes out clean. 
 Combine ½ cup  granulated sugar  with ½ cup  lemon juice  in a small saucepan and cook over low heat until  sugar  dissolves. 
 When the cakes are done, let them cool for 10 minutes, then invert them onto a rack set over a tray, and spoon the  lemon  syrup over the cakes. 
 Allow the cakes to cool completely. 
 Glaze : 
 For the glaze, combine the confectioners'  sugar  and  lemon juice  in a bowl, mixing with a wire whisk until smooth. 
 Pour over the top of the cakes and allow the glaze to drizzle down the sides. 
 
 
 
Categories: Celebrity Recipes, Cake Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Ina Garten Recipes, Add category