Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chickpea_Flour_Rolls

I love chickpeas in any form whether as dahl or as besan flour for various dishes. by Anupama from India 
 A very very traditional dish from Western India. Looks difficult to make but easy enough with the help of a pressure cooker. I completely dedicate this to my Aai (mom) who had absolute faith in my abilities to make it.
 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 Level of difficulty: Intermediate 
 Servings: 6 to 7 rolls 
 Ingredients : 
 Outer roll : 
 1 cup  chickpea flour  (besan) 
 1.5 tsp  plain flour 
 1 cup  buttermilk 
 1 cup  water 
 6 to 7 cloves  garlic 
 3  green chillies , I use more-Shantihhh says) 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp  turmeric powder 
 Filling : 
 ¾ cup grated fresh  coconut 
 ¾ cup  fresh coriander  finely chopped 
 1 tsp  powdered sugar 
 salt  to taste 
 Tempering : 
 3 tbsp  oil 
 1 tsp  mustard seeds 
 ½ tsp  asafoetida 
 7 to 8  curry leaves  (Shantihhh says should be fresh) 
 Directions : 
 Outer roll : 
 In a grinder crush the garlic, chillies and salt together. 
 In a mixing bowl mix the besan, plain flour, water, buttermilk, and the crushed garlic-chilli paste very well. 
 Give it a taste to check if you need more salt or chilly. 
 Strain this mixture as we need a smooth batter. 
 Cook the batter in a pressure cooker for up to 3 whistles or for as long as it takes you to cook rice and dal in your pressure cooker (every pressure cooker differs a bit here and there). 
 Filling : 
 In the meanwhile prepare the filling by mixing the grated coconut and coriander, sugar and salt and keep ready. 
 Also keep 5 steel or melamine plates at hand to spread the batter. 
 To the cooked batter add about 3 tblspns of hot water to loosen it up a bit and give it a brisk stir. 
 Immediately while the batter it still hot start spreading it evenly onto the plates like shown in the pic below. 
 Keep your strokes in one direction only to get it evenly done. This needs to be done very fast. 
 After finishing all the batter mark out rows with a knife or a pizza cutter, now spread the coconut filling on the batter on the marked rows. 
 And now comes the best part. 
 Start rolling the wadis like shown in the pic below. 
 They roll beautifully. Please do not oil the plates initially. 
 Place all the wadis vertically close to each other in a container. 
 Tempering : 
 Heat the oil in a small wok or kadhai. 
 Add the mustard, asafoetida and curry leaves. 
 Spoon the tempering into each of the vertically placed wadis. 
 To serve garnish them with some of the coconut and coriander mixture and spoon any left tempering all over. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, West Indian Vegetarian, TNT Recipes, Chickpea flour Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Curry leaf Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Add category