Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tommorrow%27s_Doughnut

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Always check the ingredients to make sure the product is vegan.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 package  active dry yeast  (2 1/4 tsp) 
 1 cup warm  water  (110 degrees) 
 1/4 cup  vegetable shortening 
 1/2 cup  Sugar 
 1/3 cup  soy milk , warmed 
 egg  replacer equilivent to 2  eggs 
 4 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 tsp  salt 
 1 1/4 tsp  mace 
 oil  for frying 
 
 Glaze: 
 2 cups confectioners'  Sugar 
 1/2 cup hot  water 
 Directions : 
 Dissolve the  yeast  in 1/2 cup of warm  water  and let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. In a small saucepan, bring the remaining  water  to a boil. Add the  shortening  and  Sugar  and stir until the  shortening  has melted and the  Sugar  has dissolved. Remove the pan from heat and LET IT COOL (very important!!!). When it is cooled, add the  yeast  and warm  soy milk . Stir in the  egg  replacer and 2 cups of  flour . Beat well. Add 2 more cups of  flour  and the  salt  and  mace . Mix well. Add the  flour  slowly. Only add enough to make a soft and manageable dough. Turn the dough onto a loightly floured board and knead until smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a large greased bowl, cover and let it rise until doubled in bulk. (about an hour).
 
 Punch the dough down. On a lightly floured surface roll it out to 1/2 inch thickness. Cut out doughnuts with a 2 inch dutter. Place the doughnuts on waxed paper or a greased baking sheet about 1 inch apart. Make holes in 'em with your finger if you feel the need. Let them rise for 1 hour.
 
 Heat the  oil  to 370 degrees in a skillet or deep fryer. Fry 3 doughnuts at a time, until gloden on eahc side. Drain on paper towels. Prepare the glaze or roll in  Sugar  to coat.
 
 To make the glaze, mix the ingredients untill smooth in a shallow bowl. While the doughnuts are hot, coat all sides in the glaze
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Lactose-free Recipes, Mace Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category