Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Coffee-crusted_Beef_Tenderloin


 Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Source: Semi Homemade 
 Serves 6 
 Ingredients : 
 For the meat base : 
 1 short loin  tenderloin , trimmed only of fat (2 pounds) 
 Spice rub : 
 ¼ cup finely ground  coffee  beans  or  (4 tablespoons coffee powder) 
 ¼ cup  brown sugar 
 2 tbsp.  chili powder 
 2 tbsp.  paprika 
 2 tbsp. ground  sage 
 1 tbsp.  onion powder 
 ¼ tbsp.  cayenne 
 red onion , quartered 
 Beef coffee gravy : 
 1 can or 1 ⅜ cup  beef broth 
 1 tbsp.  Worcestershire sauce 
 1 tbsp. instant  coffee  crystals 
 1 ⅛ tbsp. seasoned  salt 
 2 tbsp.  cornstarch 
 ¼ cup  water , hot or lukewarm only 
 3 tbsp.  butter , cut into large chunks 
 1 ⅜ tbsp. ground black  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Remove meat from the refrigerator 1 hour before roasting. Preheat an oven to 500° F. 
 Fold over the thin end of meat and tie with a string. 
 In a small bowl, combine spice-rub ingredients. Rub meat generously with the spice mixture. 
 Let meat stand for 15 minutes and repeat the rub. 
 Place meat on a rack in a roasting pan; just arrange quartered  red onions  around meat. Do not cover. 
 Place in the oven. Turn the oven down to 400° F. 
 Roast for 30 to 40 minutes or until the internal temperature of the roast is 130° F for rare to 145° F for medium/moderate. 
 Remove from the oven. Let meat rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve hot with  beef   coffee  gravy. 
 Beef coffee gravy : 
 In a medium pan, combine broth,  Worcestershire sauce ,  coffee  crystals and seasoned  salt  and bring to boil. Reduce heat to simmer. 
 In a small bowl, dissolve the  cornstarch  in the  water  and whisk into broth mixture. 
 Cook until the gravy has thickened to the consistency of cream. 
 Whisk or mix with the  butter  one chunk at a time. Season to taste with the remaining seasoned  salt  and  pepper . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/eb/Coffee-tenderloin-oh-l.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130923212950']
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Beef tenderloin Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Sage Recipes, Herb and spice mix Recipes, Meat Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, World Recipes, Beef Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Cayenne pepper Recipes, Cornstarch Recipes, Add category