Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Mechbous


 Description : 
 A delicious chicken recipe for the whole family to enjoy. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Chicken : 
 
 1 whole  Chicken 
 salt 
 1  cinnamon  stick 
 2  cardamom  pods 
 2 or 3 whole cloves 
 5  black peppercorns 
 flour 
 3 cups  basmati rice  (or other short-grained  rice ) 
 Onion-spice topping (hashu): 
 2 large  yellow onions , finely chopped 
 1 Tbsp.  vegetable oil 
 ¼ cup  golden raisins , soaked in  water 
 ¼ tsp. ground  cardamom 
 ¼ tsp. dried black  lime  (loomi), or ½ tsp.  lime  zest** 
 ¼ tsp. ground  black pepper 
 ½ tsp.  Sugar 
 tomato  sauce (duqqus): 
 
 
 2 large  tomatoes , chopped 
 2 Tbsp.  water 
 2 cloves  garlic , crushed 
 1 Tb.  tomato  paste 
 Directions : 
 Rinse  Chicken  inside and out. Place in a stockpot with enough  water  to cover. Add  cinnamon  stick,  cardamom  pods, cloves, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, and continue to boil uncovered over medium heat until  Chicken  is done (approximately 40 minutes). Remove and drain the  Chicken , reserving broth.
 Drain fat off the top of the broth and strain broth to remove spices. Prepare three cups of  basmati rice  according to package directions, using broth from  Chicken  instead of  water . Add  salt  if necessary.
 While  rice  is cooking, cook  onions  in a nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring frequently, until clear. Sprinkle with a little  water  and stir quickly until  onions  are brown and the  water  has evaporated. Stir in  oil , drained  Raisins , and spices. Cook for one minute. Remove mixture from skillet and set aside.
 Lightly dust the boiled, drained  Chicken  with  flour . In a clean skillet over medium-high heat, brown the  Chicken , turning frequently, until the outside is brown and crispy.
 For the  tomato  sauce, add  water , chopped  tomatoes , crushed  garlic , and  tomato  paste in a small skillet or saucepan, and sauté until  tomatoes  are soft and the sauce well blended.
 When the  rice  is done, spread it on a serving platter. Sprinkle the onion-spice mixture over the  rice , and place the  Chicken  on top. Pass the  tomato  sauce to spoon onto individual plates.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/9/97/Machboos.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130819211824']
Categories: Kuwaiti Recipes, Kuwaiti Meat Dishes, Golden raisin Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Basmati rice Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Rice Recipes, Lime Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category