Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gan_Shao_Ming_Yu_Xia

Seafood in Tomato Chilli Sauce. Seafood dishes are best when prepared from fresh ingredients. Chinese restaurants often display live fish and other seafood in tanks outside, their shop fronts, so that diners can select the seafood for their meal. Seafood is usually cooked with sauces that complement the natural flavors. This deliciously spicy stir fry makes an impressive dinner party dish served over plain white rice or sizzling rice crisps.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 1 teaspoon  sesame oil 
 1 small  carrot  peeled and diced 
 1 small  green capsicum  cut into small squares 
 1 small  onion  chopped 
 2 cloves  garlic  crushed 
 1¼ cup peel small  prawns 
 4 small cleaned  squid  cut into rings 
 100 g firm  white fish  cut into 2cm cubes 
 2 cups  fish  or  chicken stock 
 1 tablespoon  tomato paste 
 2 tablespoons  sweet chilli sauce 
 1 tablespoon  tomato paste 
 2 tablespoons  light soy sauce 
 1 teaspoon  sugar 
 3 teaspoons  cornflour 
 ½ cup diced  bamboo shoots  - optional 
 salt  and  white pepper  to taste 
 rice crisps to serve - optional 
 Directions : 
 Heat the vegetable and sesame oils in a wok or large frying pan until medium-hot. 
 Stir fry the carrot, capsicum, onion and garlic until they have partially softened about 2 minutes. 
 Add the prawns, scallops, squid, and fish and stir fry for 1 minute. 
 In a jug or mixing bowl, combine the chicken stock, tomato paste, sweet chilli sauce, ginger, soy sauce, sugar and cornflour; stir until the cornflour has dissolved. 
 Pour the sauce into the wok and add the bamboo shoots. 
 Bring to the boil, reduce heat to medium and simmer for about 3 minutes, stirring constantly until the sauce thickens. 
 Add salt and pepper; serve with rice crisps if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bamboo shoot Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Fish Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Prawn Recipes, Squid Recipes, Add category