Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cheese_and_Asparagus_Souffl%C3%A9

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Béchamel 
 3/4 cup  low-fat milk 
 1 Tbs.  unsalted butter 
 1 1/2 Tbs.  all-purpose flour 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 Pinch  nutmeg 
 2 large  eggs , separated and at room temperature 
 - 
 Soufflé 
 2  egg  whites, at room temperature 
 Pinch  cream of tartar 
 Pinch  salt 
 1/2 firmly packed cup grated “lite”  Jarlsberg   Cheese 
 1/4 cup freshly grated  Parmesan cheese 
 1/2 lb.  asparagus , trimmed, steamed 5 minutes, sliced 1/2-inch thick 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 375F. Place rack on lowest level in oven.
 
 2.  butter  two 8-oz. ramekins, and dust sides and bottoms with 1 Tbs. Parmesan each. Place on baking sheet.
 
 3. To make Béchamel: Warm  milk  in saucepan. Melt  butter  in second saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir in  flour  until smooth, and cook 2 to 3 minutes, stirring with wooden spoon; allow to bubble but not brown.
 
 4. Take pan off heat, whisk in warm  milk  and return to heat; whisk vigorously, scraping bottom and sides to prevent scorching. When mixture simmers, reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring often from sides and bottom, 5 minutes, or until thick. Season with  salt ,  pepper  and  nutmeg . Remove from heat; stir 1 minute more. Beat in  egg yolks  1 at a time.
 
 5. To make Soufflé: Using electric beaters, beat 4  egg  whites in bowl, starting at low and slowly increasing speed until they begin to foam. Add  cream of tartar  and  salt , and beat until satiny peaks form and hold their shape; do not overbeat.
 
 6. Combine remaining cheeses. Using rubber spatula, stir one-fourth of beaten whites into Béchamel. Pour Béchamel into center of remaining whites, and fold together. With each fold, sprinkle in handful of  Cheese  mixture and handful of  asparagus , giving bowl a quarter turn. When everything is added and mixture is uniform, carefully spoon into soufflé dishes. Put baking sheet on bottom rack.
 
 7. Bake 20 to 25 minutes, or until puffy and browned; do not overcook—centers should be slightly runny. Serve. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Asparagus Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Jarlsberg Recipes, Low-fat milk Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category