Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Classic_Vegetarian_Quiche


 
 Description : 
 Variation: substitute 3 cups of any vegetable for the  broccoli . Try lightly steamed  asparagus , sautéed  mushrooms  and  leeks , or red pepper and  zucchini .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 ½ cup  rolled oats 
 ½ cup  whole wheat flour 
 ¼ cup unbleached white  flour 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ⅛ tsp  baking powder 
 ¼ – ½ cup  canola oil 
 2 tbsp  lemon juice 
 1½ tsp  honey   or   maple syrup 
 2 to 3 tbsp cold  water 
 1 to 2 tsp  sesame seeds 
 Filling : 
 1 tsp  water   or   olive oil 
 1 cup diced  onion 
 1 tsp minced  garlic 
 3 cup small  broccoli  florets 
 1 to 2 tbsp  water 
 18 oz soft  silken tofu 
 1 tbsp prepared  mustard 
 1 tsp dried  basil   or   rosemary 
 ¼ tsp ground  nutmeg 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp  white pepper 
 1 to 2 tbsp  nutritional yeast  flakes 
 red pepper  strips or sliced 
 black olives  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Grind  oats  to a coarse  flour  n a blender or food processor. 
 Place ground  oats  in a large bowl. 
 Stir in  whole wheat flour , white  flour ,  salt  and  baking powder . 
 Drizzle ¼ cup  canola oil  over  flour  mixture and mix lightly; add more  oil  of necessary, until mixture looks like wet sand. 
 Drizzle  lemon juice , honey or  maple syrup  and 2 t  water  over dough. 
 Mix lightly with a fork until dough forms a ball, adding more  water  if necessary. 
 Roll out dough between sheets of waxed paper. 
 Sprinkle  sesame seeds  evenly over bottom of a quiche or pie pan, then place dough in pan. 
 (if using a pie pan, fold excess dough over to form an edge about 2/4 inch thick; try to keep edge even, smooth and slightly away from the edge of pan). 
 Prick sides and bottom of crust with a fork. 
 Bake for 20 minutes, remove from oven and reduce temperature to 350 degrees. 
 Filling : 
 Heat 1 teaspoon  water  or  oil  in a skillet over medium heat. 
 Add  onion  and sauté for 3 to 5 minutes. 
 Add  garlic  and sauté for 30 seconds. 
 Add  broccoli  florettes and 1 to 2 tablespoons  water , then cover. 
 Steam until  broccoli  is bright green and slightly tender but not soft, about 2 minutes. 
 Drain vegetables if necessary; place in pre-baked pie crust and spread evenly over bottom. 
 In a blender or food processor, whip  tofu ,  mustard ,  basil  or  rosemary ,  nutmeg ,  salt ,  pepper  and  nutritional yeast . 
 Blend 1 to 2 minutes, until very smooth. 
 Pour  tofu  mixture over vegetables in pie crust. 
 Place red pepper or  black olives  on top if desired. 
 Bake 40 minutes, until slightly puffy. 
 Allow to cool 5 to 10 minutes before slicing. 
 Serves 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Quiche Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Add category