Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Opryland_Hotel_Upside-down_Jack_Daniels_Double_Chocolate_Cheesecake

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Source: Chef Robert W. Beighey, CCC/Opryland Hotel Culinary Institute 
 Ingredients : 
 Cheesecake : 
 1 cup  semisweet chocolate  chips 
 ⅓ cup  heavy cream 
 1 cup  granulated sugar 
 24 ounces  cream cheese , softened 
 4  eggs 
 2 tablespoons  Jack Daniels 
 ¼ teaspoon  Grand Marnier 
 pinch of  salt 
 Fudge Brownie : 
 2 ounces  unsweetened chocolate 
 ½ cup (1 stick)  butter 
 2  eggs 
 1 cup  granulated sugar 
 1 teaspoon  Grand Marnier  or  vanilla extract 
 ½ cup  all-purpose flour 
 ¼ cup  pecans , chopped (optional) 
 pinch of  salt 
 Chocolate Ganache : 
 1½ cups  milk chocolate  chips 
 ⅓ cup  heavy whipping cream 
 2 tablespoons  Jack Daniels 
 1 tablespoon  light corn syrup 
 Directions : 
 Cheesecake : 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. 
 Spray a 9-inch spring-form pan. 
 In a double boiler melt chocolate chips with cream until smooth and reserve. 
 Whip cream cheese, sugar, and liqueur in an electric mixer until smooth. 
 Add eggs and blend well. 
 Add melted chocolate mixture and whiskey and blend thoroughly. 
 Add cheesecake batter to the spring-form pan. 
 Bake at 400°F for 15 minutes; reduce temperature to 350°F and bake an additional 15 minutes. 
 Fudge Brownie : 
 While cheesecake is baking, melt chocolate and butter in a double boiler. 
 Stir until smooth. 
 Beat in eggs, sugar, and liqueur and blend thoroughly. 
 Add flour and pecans and blend well. 
 Remove cheesecake from oven; carefully spoon on brownie (start at edges and working towards the center). 
 Bake at 350°F for 35 – 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out almost clean. 
 Remove from oven and cool completely. 
 After cooled refrigerate until cake is completely cold. 
 Chocolate Ganache : 
 While cake is cooling, combine chocolate chips and cream in a double boiler and melt. 
 Remove and let rest for a couple of minutes to allow for slight cooling. 
 When mixture is blended, smooth, and slightly cool, add whiskey and syrup stirring constantly. 
 Let stand at room temperature for a couple of minutes. 
 Remove cake and place on wire rack. 
 Pour ganache over cake and allow to set. 
 After ganache is dry decorate and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Egg Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Whiskey Recipes, Grand Marnier Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Add category