Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Traditional_Beef_Stew


 
 Description : 
 Estimated Prep Time: 10 Minutes 
 Estimated Cooking Time: 46 Minutes 
 Total: 56 Minutes 
 Serves 8 
 Source: Fagor America, contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 1 cup  flour 
 2½ pounds  beef  chuck, cut into 2-inch cubes 
 kosher salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 tablespoons unsalted  butter 
 2 medium  onions , cut into sixths 
 5 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon  tomato paste 
 8 cups cold  water , or  chicken  or  beef broth , homemade or low-sodium canned 
 6 sprigs  parsley 
 6 sprigs fresh  thyme 
 2  bay leaves 
 1¼ pounds medium  red potatoes , quartered 
 4 medium  carrots , cut into 1-inch pieces 
 2  celery  stalks, cut into 1-inch pieces 
 7 canned whole, peeled  tomatoes , lightly crushed 
 1 tablespoon  red wine vinegar 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in cooker until pan is hot, but not smoking. 
 Season  beef  generously with  salt  and  pepper  and dredge in the  flour . Shake off the excess  flour . 
 Sautee the meat in 3 separate batches, uncovered, stirring only occasionally, until well-browned. Meat should cover bottom of pot without layering to allow meat to brown. # Transfer the  beef  to a plate. Discard the  oil  and wipe out the pan. Repeat with 2 remaining batches. 
 Return the pot to the stove and melt the  butter  over medium high heat. 
 Add the  onion  and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. 
 Add the  garlic  and cook About 1 Minute. 
 Add the  tomato paste  and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute More. 
 Return the  beef  to the pot, add the  water  or broth, and bring to a simmer. 
 Using a piece of kitchen twine, tie together the  parsley ,  thyme , and bay leaves and add the bundle to the pot. 
 Season with 2 teaspoons  salt  and pepper to taste. 
 Close lid and bring to high pressure. Cook for 30 minutes. 
 Release pressure and open lid. 
 Add the  potatoes ,  carrots ,  celery , and the tomatoes, and close lid. 
 Bring to high pressure and cook for 6 minutes. 
 Release pressure and remove and discard the herb bundle. 
 Stir in the vinegar and season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Divide among bowls and serve immediately. 
 
 
 Nutritional Information : 
 Approximate Nutritional Information Per Serving
 
 562 Calories 
 32g Protein 
 38g Carbohydrates 
 32g Fat 
 105 mg Cholesterol 
 240 mg Sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, Stew Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category