Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Francesca

Ingredients : 
 4 large boneless, skinless  Chicken  breasts, halved 
 1 cup  milk , reduced fat 
 i egg 
 1 cup flour 
 1 cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 1 tbsp fresh  parsley , chopped 
 1/2 tsp  oregano , dried 
 1/2 tsp  black pepper 
 1/4 cup  olive oil 
 1 cup white cooking wine 
 1 lemon 
 1/2 cup lemon juice 
 1 1/4 cups  chicken broth 
 1 tbls orange marmalade 
 cooking spray 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. 
 Cut each  Chicken  breast half into one or two fillets, depending on thickness. Wrap each piece in a fold of plastic wrap and pound with the flat part of a  meat tenderizer  hammer to a uniform thickness. Fillets should not be too thin for this dish. 
 Soak the  Chicken  in the  milk  & egg mixture for 10 to 15 minutes, turning several times. 
 Mix flour,  parsley , dried  oregano ,  salt  and  pepper  in a flat dish. 
 Shake excess  milk  off each piece of  Chicken  and dredge in the flour mix mixture, pressing to coat thoroughly. Lay each piece on a plate until all pieces are coated. 
 Heat  olive oil  in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. 
 Brown  Chicken  on both sides. 
 Spray a large, heavy oblong or oval baking dish liberally with  cooking spray . Place  Chicken  in dish in a single layer. Try to avoid overlapping too much. 
 Slice lemon very thin. Remove seeds. Place lemon slices on top of the  Chicken . 
 Add the  white wine  and broth to the skillet; scrape up any tasty bits over high heat. Boil until reduced by half, stirring occasionally. 
 Add  orange  marmalade and  lemon juice  and boil about five minutes more or until somewhat thickened. 
 Pour sauce over the  Chicken , then drizzle with the liqueur. Sprinkle with the  Parmesan cheese . 
 Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until  Chicken  is cooked through and sauce is bubbly. 
 Serve with  rice  or  Pasta . 
 Recipe from  the sneaky kitchen 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Orange Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Healthy Main Dishes, Add category