Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/A_la_Cubana

Ingredients : 
 8 to 12 oz of  veal scallops 
 6 strips of  bacon  (4 oz) 
 1 or 2  limes 
 1 large  onion  (or 2 medium ones) 
 4-6  garlic  cloves 
 1 large  green pepper  (2 medium ones) 
 1 teaspoon of  olive oil 
 Some pickled sweet red pepper (for final dressing) 
 salt  (your taste). 
 Directions : 
 The day before frying, marinate the ( veal ) scallops as follows: 
 Squeeze the  lime , spreading its juice on both sides of the meat. Crush the  garlic  cloves together with  salt  and apply to the scallops using your fingers. 
 Cut the  onion  and  pepper  in small dice. Mix them. Use ½ of this mix to make a layer on a dish and cover it with the scallops as a second layer. 
 Cover the scallops with a third layer of onion-and- pepper . You can squeeze the extra  lime  over the whole. Cover with plastic or an adequate lid, not in contact with the food. 
 Put in the lower part of the fridge (over the vegetables drawer) for 12~24 hours. 
 Frying: Use medium-high fire at all times. Cut the  bacon  in pieces of about 2 inches long. Put a very small amount of  olive oil  (no more than ½ teaspoon) on a frying pan. 
 If you are using a Teflon pan, don't use  oil  at all. When the pan is hot, put the  bacon  and fry on its own melting  lard  until crispy. 
 Add the onion-and- pepper  used for marinating the scallops and sauté until the  onion  is transparent. With the frying spoon, clear a space at the centre of the pan and put the scallops to fry in contact with the melted grease. 
 Spread the  bacon  and the sauté onion-and- pepper  over the scallops and fry for a few minutes according to your desire (light, medium, well done). 
 Turn around the scallops at the middle of the frying process, spreading again the  bacon  with onion-and- pepper  on it. 
 Tips for Serving : 
 Save the grease apart. 
 Immediately after frying, serve the ( veal ) scallops on one-half of each dish and cover them with the fried onion-and- pepper . 
 Use the  bacon  strips to form a ring around. Some strips of pickled sweet red pepper on top will dress it nicely. 
 Serve fluffy  white rice  mixed with asleep  black beans  on the other half of the dish. Pour a small amount of the frying grease on the rice and beans. 
 Fried green  plantain   bananas  "a puñetazos" will do be the best side dish. 
 A salad with  lettuce  and ripe  tomatoes , dressed exclusively with  olive oil ,  white vinegar  and  salt , is the final Cuban touch on your table. If you have  radish  on hand, please add a few slices to the salad. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Cuban Meat Dishes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Veal cutlet Recipes, Add category