Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Basmati_Rice-stuffed_Cabbage

Ingredients : 
 1 tbsp + 1 tsp  olive oil 
 1 medium  onion , chopped (1 cup) 
 1 stalk  celery , chopped ( ½ cup) 
 1 small  red  or  green bell pepper , diced (about ½ cup) 
 3 cups thinly sliced  mushrooms  (8 oz) 
 1 medium clove  garlic , minced 
 3 cups low-sodium  vegetable broth  or  water 
 1½ cups uncooked  basmati rice 
 2 tbsp chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 large  green cabbage , cored 
 2 lbs fresh  sauerkraut 
 3½ cups prepared  tomato sauce 
 Directions : 
 In large saucepan, heat  oil  over medium-low heat. 
 Add  onion ,  celery  and  bell pepper ; season with  salt . 
 Cover and cook 5 minutes. 
 Stir in  mushrooms  and  garlic . 
 Cover and cook 5 minutes. 
 Stir in broth and  rice ; season with freshly ground  pepper . 
 Increase heat and bring to a boil. 
 Cover, reduce heat to medium-low and cook, 15 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and fluff  rice  with fork. 
 Stir in  parsley ; set aside. 
 In large pot, bring 1 inch  water  to a boil. 
 Place  cabbage  in  water , cored side down. 
 Cover and cook 5 minutes. 
 Remove  cabbage  from pot. 
 As soon as possible–using fork if necessary to grab leaves–peel off first 4 leaves. 
 Return  cabbage  to pot, cover and cook 5 minutes; peel off 4 more leaves. 
 You will need 8 leaves. 
 Cover leaves with plastic wrap (reserve remaining  cabbage  for soup) 
 When leaves are cool enough to handle, carve off as much tough ridge as you can from center of leaves, cutting flush with leaf. 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Drain  sauerkraut  in colander. 
 Rinse briefly then squeeze out most of liquid. 
 Place  sauerkraut  in even layer in medium to large shallow casserole (13 x 9-inch). 
 Top with 2 cups  tomato  sauce. 
 Place about ¾ cup of  rice  in center of each leaf. 
 Fold up sides and place stuffed leaves, seam side down, in casserole. 
 Spoon remaining 1½ cups  tomato  sauce over  cabbage . 
 Cover with foil and bake until bubbly and heated through, about 45 minutes. 
 Check after 30 minutes and if it seems too liquidy, remove foil during last 10 to 15 minutes of baking. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Basmati rice Recipes, Green cabbage Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Sauerkraut Recipes, Add category