Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fresh_yeast


 Browse All Fresh yeast Recipes   
 Contents 
 
 1   Name Variations 
 2   About Fresh yeast 
 3   Storage 
 4   Fresh yeast Recipes 
 
 
 Name Variations : 
 compressed yeast 
 active fresh yeast 
 cake yeast 
 baker's compressed yeast 
 wet yeast 
 About Fresh yeast : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Fresh yeast on Wikipedia 
 Baker's yeast comes in two forms. The first form is fresh yeast pressed into a square cake. This form perishes quickly, and must be used soon after production in order to maintain the desired effects. This form of yeast usually comes in 0.6-ounce or 2-ounce foil-wrapped cakes. It works faster and longer than active dry yeast, but it's very perishable and loses potency a few weeks after it's packed. It's popular among commercial bakers, who can keep ahead of the expiration dates, but home bakers usually prefer  dry yeast . To use, soften the cake in a liquid that's 70° - 80 °F. 
 Equivalents : 2-ounce cake = 3 x 0.6-ounce cakes 
 Substitutes : 
 
 Active dry yeast  – Substitute one package or 2¼ teaspoons for each .6-ounce cake of fresh yeast 
 Instant yeast  – Substitute one package or 2¼ teaspoons for each cake of fresh yeast 
 Bread machine yeast  – Substitute 2¼ teaspoons for each cake of fresh yeast 
 Storage : 
 Store fresh yeast in the refrigerator, well wrapped, or in the freezer, where it will keep for up to four months. If you freeze it, defrost it for a day in the refrigerator before using. 
 
 Fresh yeast Recipes : 
 Add a Fresh yeast Recipe to Recipes Wiki: 
 
 Step 1:
 
 In a container, mix:
2 oz flour
2 oz of water (filtered to avoid chlorine)
Let it sit for 48 hours at 78-79°F (if colder it will take more time to create the bacteria, if warmer it will take less time, but too hot may kill the germs.)
 
Now your yeast should have some bubbles.
 Step 2: 
 Add:
2 oz flour
2 oz of water (filtered to avoid chlorine)
Again let it sit for 48 hours at 78-79°F.
 Now your yeast will have a lot of bubbles and is now ready to use.
 Do not use it all, you can “feed” your yeast to have more and you can keep it for years if you feed it regularly!
 Feeding process:
 
 Weigh your yeast
(minus the weight of the container)
 Add the same weight of flour and water (at 79°F)
 That is: if you have 1 oz of yeast, add:
1 oz of flour    and    1 oz of water.
 Do so at least once a week!
 
 
 
 
Categories: Active Yeast, Add category