Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roast_Turkey_with_Oranges

Ingredients : 
 1 large  turkey  for roasting (8-10 lbs) 
 3 tbsp  orange juice 
 3 tbsp  honey 
 3 tbsp cooking  oil 
 3 large  oranges 
 2 tbsp  margarine  or cooking  oil 
 salt  and  pepper 
 2 cup  chicken stock  or  water 
 ¼ cup  orange   marmalade 
 ¼ cup  white wine 
 1 small  onion , peeled and chopped 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 1 small  chicken bouillon  cube 
 ¼ cup  cream 
 2 tsp  cornstarch , dissolved in some cold  water 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F (190°C). 
 Cut  turkey  giblets into small pieces, set aside (for the sauce). 
 Peel the  oranges . 
 Divide them into sections, then set aside for garnish. 
 Cut the  orange peel  into half-inch slices. 
 Melt the  margarine  in a small saucepan over high heat. 
 Add the sliced  orange peel , then saute quickly for a minute. 
 Stuff the  orange peel  into the  turkey . 
 In a small bowl, mix together the  honey , cooking  oil , and  orange juice . 
 Brush all over the  turkey , reserving half for later. 
 Season the  turkey  with  salt  and  pepper , truss and transfer to a large roasting pan, then roast in the oven at 375°F for about 1 hour. 
 Brush the rest of the honey- orange  mixture on the  turkey , then return to the oven and roast for 60 - 90 minutes more, until it is cooked. 
 You can check by using a meat thermometer - the internal meat temperature must reach at least 160°F (71°C). 
 After it is cooked, turn off the heat and leave in the oven for about 15 - 20 minutes more before serving. 
 Gravy : 
 (Do this while roasting the  turkey ): melt  butter  in a small sauce pan over high heat. 
 Sauté chopped  onions  and giblets for about 2-3 minutes. 
 Deglaze with wine, then reduce for 3 minutes. 
 Add the  orange   marmalade , bouillon cube, and  water  (or  chicken stock ). 
 Bring to a quick boil, then reduce heat and let it simmer for about 5 - 10 minutes. 
 Add the  cream , then thicken with some  cornstarch  dissolved in cold  water . 
 To serve : 
 Transfer the roast turket to a serving dish. 
 Garnish by surrounding it with  orange  slices and some fresh greens. 
 Serve sauce in a separate bowl. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Honey Recipes, Marmalade Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Turkey meat Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category