Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/A_Guide_to_Quick,_Easy,_Low_Cost_Bag_Lunches

      Blue Ribbon Winner!     
 I like lunches that are easy and quick to create and give me a healthy balanced diet that takes little preparation and easy to eat on the go & low in cost. Perhaps I am hard to please, but I think other people are looking for the same types of lunches. In today's busy society, preparing what we eat may be low on our list of priorities and yet food is what is necessary to keep us successful in the many tasks we try to daily accomplish. 
Here are some ideas of easy bag lunches: 
 Tortilla Sandwiches Take a tortilla and include your favorite mixture of meat either chopped meat or deli meat, vegetables, spices (if you like them) and condiments(mayo,  mustard , ketchup etc.). You may even want to add  Cheese . These sandwiches can be a great way to enhance your diet, they are easy to eat and quick to prepare. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Recipes 
 
 1.1   Roast Beef & Cheese Tortilla 
 1.2   Fruit Dessert Tortilla 
 1.3   Strawberries and Cream Tortilla 
 
 
 2   About the author 
 
 
 Recipes : 
 Here are a couple ideas for tortilla sandwiches: 
 
 1  tortilla 
 lettuce 
 tomato 
 leftover  chicken  breast from yesterday's dinner 
 mayo  or  Italian dressing 
 Roll in ingredients and you have a  Chicken  salad to go! You may wish to add some of your other favorite vegetables too. Hint: Fold bottom of tortilla horizontally inwards before vertically rolling in ingredients. 
 
 Roast  Beef  &  Cheese  Tortilla : 
 1  tortilla 
 roast  beef  deli meat 
 a slice of  cheddar  cheese 
 Suggestion: Melt  Cheese  in microwave before packing your tortilla sandwich in your lunch. 
 
 Fruit Dessert Tortilla : 
 1  tortilla 
 cooked  apples 
 cinnamon  and  sugar 
 Combine in Tortilla for a delicious dessert. You may even want to include frosting in this. An easy frosting recipe is: 
 
 3 cups  confectioner's sugar 
 ⅓ cup  butter , softened 
 1½ teaspoons  vanilla extract 
 1½ tablespoons  milk 
 You can modify the above recipe by using other fruit such as fruit cocktail. 
 
 Strawberries and Cream Tortilla : 
 1  tortilla 
 strawberries 
 A thin layer of  whipped cream  or  cream cheese 
 You may want to include  sugar  if you use  cream cheese  &  strawberries . 
 For a healthy beverage, I like to buy Ensure or Boost. These are  chocolate  beverages packed full of vitamins! I especially like them for a quick snack during the day or a breakfast on the go. 
 Another quick snack to pack in your lunch is bean dip and tortilla chips. 
 These lunches are quick, easy and inexpensive. Plus they will give you a healthy start to your day! You won't go hungry or wind up eating from machines nor will you break the budget.
 
 About the author : 
 Sarah Delaporte may be contacted at  http://www.couponcorner.net  freebie@couponcorner.net
 This article may be used on any website provided article remains intact, the author is credited and this entire paragraph is included with the article. Sarah Delaporte is the owner of Freebie Coupon Corner who loves helping consumers receive free groceries with her helpful e-book publications. If you want to receive free groceries, visit Freebie Coupon Corner at:  http://www.couponcorner.net 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/39/Blueribbon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004540']
Categories: Blue Ribbon Winners, Budget Friendly Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Tortilla Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Apple Recipes, Beef Recipes, Add category