Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Callaloo


 Browse All Callaloo Recipes   
       Callaloo     
 Contents 
 
 1   Name variations 
 2   About Callaloo 
 3   Callaloo Recipes 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Name variations : 
 Caribbean spinach 
 taro leaves 
 dasheen 
 elephant ear 
 elephant's ear 
 About Callaloo : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Callaloo on Wikipedia 
 Spelled half a dozen different ways, this colorful word turns up in Jamaican records as early as 1696. This leafy, spinach-like vegetable is typically prepared as one would prepare turnip or collard greens. This variety of callaloo Amaranthus viridis, better known as Chinese spinach or Indian kale, should not be confused with the callaloo found in the eastern Caribbean, which refers to the leaves of the dasheen plant.
 Callaloo (sometimes calaloo) (Trinidad and Tobago) or pepperpot (Jamaica and Guyana) is a Caribbean dish, the main ingredient of which is a leaf vegetable, traditionally either amaranth (known by many local names including callaloo or bhaji), or taro or Xanthosoma species (both known by many local names including callaloo, coco, tannia, or dasheen bush). Because the leaf vegetable used in some regions may be locally called "callaloo" or "callaloo bush", some confusion can arise among the different vegetables and with the dish itself. Outside of the Caribbean, spinach is occasionally used.
 Typical of leaf vegetables, taro leaves are rich in vitamins and minerals. They are a good source of thiamin, riboflavin, iron, phosphorus, and zinc, and a very good source of vitamin B6, vitamin C, niacin, potassium, copper, and manganese. Taro corms are very high in starch, and are a good source of dietary fiber, vitamin B6, and manganese. Oxalic acid may be present in the corm and especially in the leaf, and these foods should be avoided or eaten in moderation by people with kidney disorders, gout, or rheumatoid arthritis.
 
 Callaloo Recipes : 
 See also : 
 taro  for the edible root of this plant 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d5/Callaloo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20100421161400']
Categories: Cooking greens, Jamaican Food Glossary, Add category