Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Caakiri


 
 Description : 
 Caakiri  (or  Chakery ,  Chakrey ,  Thiacry ,  Thiakry ,  Tiakri ) is a snack or dessert from Western Africa. It is similar to the rice puddings of the Middle East and India. Today it is most often made with  Couscous  (which is made from wheat semolina), but traditionally it was made with similar products made from African grains such as fonio and millet, or maize, or even black-eyed peas. The word Caakiri refers to the grain from which the dish is made, as well as the finished dish itself. It is interesting to speculate that modern Caakiri, a sweetened snack or dessert made from grain and fermented milk, might be directly descended from a similar unsweetened dish that once might have been more of a main course, but, with the passage of time and with the increased availibility of other foods (including sugar), has evolved into a snack or dessert dish. There are many kinds of fermented milk foods and beverages in Africa and they may or may not be the same as the yogurt and other milk products which are used in this recipe. This recipe is similar to the Docono recipe from Countess Marcelle Morphy.
 Information from the Congo Cookobook | www.congocookbook.com/snack_recipes/caakiri.html
 
 Ingredients : 
 two cups of cous cous 
 pat of  butter  (optional) 
 dash of  salt  (optional) 
 one cup  evaporated milk 
 two cups plain or  vanilla   yogurt 
 one cup  sour cream 
 one-half cup  Sugar 
 one-half teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 dash of  nutmeg  (optional) 
 Raisins  or crushed  pineapple  or  mint  garnish 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the  couscous  as normal. Bring four and one half cups of  water  to boil in a large saucepan. Add  couscous ,  butter , and  salt . Stir and cover. Remove from heat. Leave covered for ten minutes. Allow  couscous  to cool. 
 Combine all other ingredients. Stir  yogurt  mixture into  couscous . Add more  Sugar , to taste. Garnish as desired. Serve warm or chilled. 
 
 
 
Categories: Couscous Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Mint Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Somali Appetizers, Somali Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Add category