Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate-dipped_Strawberries

Ingredients : 
 2 pint baskets California  strawberries 
 ½ cup each semisweet,  milk  and  white chocolate chips 
 finely chopped toasted  almonds  or  pistachios  (optional) 
 About : 
 
 These chocolate covered strawberries are perfect for munching or for celebrating Valentine's Day. Enjoy!
 
 Directions : 
 Line large baking sheet with waxed paper. 
 Rinse  strawberries  and pat dry with paper towels. 
 In separate small, microwave-safe bowls (such as custard cups) melt chocolates, one at a time, in microwave at 50-percent (medium) power, allowing 1½ to 2 minutes each. OR You can melt the chocolate in a double boiler (put a heat-safe bowl over a pot of boiling water).  
 Stir until smooth (if not completely melted, microwave a few seconds longer) or, melt  chocolate  as package directs. 
 Holding  strawberry  by stem end, dip into  chocolate  to cover about three-fourths of berry; dip into  nuts , if desired, and lay on baking sheet. 
 Repeat with remaining  strawberries ,  chocolate  and  nuts . 
 Refrigerate until  chocolate  is set. 
 Makes about 8 servings (3  strawberries  per serving). 
 For Double- and Triple- Dipped strawberries : 
 After first coating of  chocolate  is set, dip into contrasting  chocolate , leaving part of the first  chocolate  exposed. 
 Repeat with third  chocolate , if you wish, allowing each layer to set between dips. 
 To Drizzle strawberries with chocolate : 
 Microwave  chocolate  in small plastic bag until melted; squeeze into one corner of bag. 
 Lay  strawberries  close together on baking sheet. 
 With scissors, cut a small hole in corner of bag, and move back and forth over  strawberries , squeezing bag gently. Or, drizzle contrasting  chocolate  over  strawberries  that have been dipped. Refrigerate until set. 
 Notes : 
 Microwave melting times vary with amount of  chocolate  and wattage of your oven. 
 Chocolate  amounts are approximate; amount needed depends on size of  strawberries , and whether or not they are single, double, triple-dipped or drizzled. 
 Chocolate-Dipped Strawberries Videos : 
 EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/ac/Chocolate-Dipped-Strawberries-12-640x480.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20140205221112']
Categories: Dessert Recipes, Valentine's Day Desserts, Valentine's Day Snacks, Almond Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Pistachio Recipes, Strawberry Desserts, White chocolate chip Recipes, Add category