Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pa_Ling_Sousi_Haeng


 
 Ingredients : 
 6 slices pa  ling  (a nameapplied to two members of the pangasid family of  catfish , one of which, pangasius nasutus) 
 5 dried red  chilli  peppers-pick off the stems, take out their cores and soak them in  water 
 7 sm shallots, peeled 
 1 fully grown  coconut , split open, grate the meat and squeeze two extractions of  coconut milk  from it 
 chopped  spring onion  leaves 
 chopped  coriander leaves 
 kaffir lime leaves 
 salt 
 fish sauce 
 ground  black pepper 
 pig's bone broth or any other clear soup or meat  stock 
 Directions : 
 Scrape off the mucus from the skin of the fish and cut slices about i cm thick-wash and  salt  these, fry them in  pork  fat until they are a good golden colour, then set them aside on a plate. 
 Put the first extraction of  coconut milk  in a wok on the fire and leave it until the  cream  separates. 
 Add the kheuang hom and leave simmering over a hot fire stirring occasionally, until the ingredients give off a good aroma. 
 Then add the pig's-bone broth or other clear soup and leave the wok over a low fire until the liquid has reduced somewhat. 
 Next, add the fish sauce and a considerable quantity of the second extraction of  coconut milk , followed by the fish slices back and forth so that they absorb the liquid. 
 Add the  kaffir lime leaves  and the chopped spring  onion  leaves. 
 Transfer the contents of the pan to a platter, garnish them with ground  black pepper  and chopped  coriander leaves , and serve. 
 Sousi haeng should not have much liquid or juice. There should only be enough to keep the slices of moist. 
 When dished up, the liquid should cover the bottom of the platter, just enough so that when the platter is tipped the liquid will flow from one side to the other. 
 That is called haeng (dry). 
 
 
 
Categories: Chile leaf Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Ethnic catfish Recipes, Kaffir lime Recipes, Kaffir lime leaf Recipes, Laotian Meat Dishes, Ling Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category