Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boilo

Crockpot Boilo 
 Boilo  is a traditional Yuletide drink of the north-eastern United States, specifically Pennsylvania.
 Boilo is a type of whiskey-based liqueur made with oranges, lemons, sugar and various different spices such as cinnamon. Recipes vary and may include nutmeg, cloves, caraway seed and aniseed.
 Make this in a crock pot. It's easier than cooking on the stove and much less likely to overcook or scorch. For the quantities shown here, a small (1.5 quart) crock pot will do.
 
 Boilo  from the Wikibooks Bartending Guide 
 Cook Time : 2 – 4 hours 
 Serves : 12 – 18 
 Ingredients 
 2 medium-large  oranges 
 2  lemons 
 1 small box  raisins  (about 1½ ounces [40g]) 
 8 oz (220g)  honey 
 12 oz (355 ml)  whiskey  (or more, to taste)  [1] 4 Queens Whiskey 
 ½ to 1 teaspoon each of any or all of these spices:  cinnamon ,  nutmeg ,  cloves ,  caraway seed ,  aniseed 
 Directions 
 Peel the oranges and lemons. 
 Cut up the fruit and squeeze them into the crock pot. 
 A garlic press works, or some kind of juicer or fruit squeezer. 
 Put the remaining fruit pulp into the crock pot as well. 
 Add the raisins, honey, and spices. 
 Stir. 
 note : do not add whiskey yet!  If you cook the whiskey, even for a short time, the alcohol will start to evaporate. Start the crock pot and let the mixture cook for about 2 – 4 hours. 
 Stir occasionally. 
 It's complete when the fruit pulp gets cooked down. 
 Strain into a pitcher. Mash down the fruit in the strainer to get all the liquid. 
 Now add the whiskey to the pitcher and stir. 
 Taste, and add more whiskey to your liking. 
 Serve hot in shot glasses, espresso cups, or coffee mugs. 
 After the first round, each individual serving can be heated in the microwave. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This recipe makes about 12 ounces (355 mL) of "virgin" boilo. Add 12 ounces of whiskey to this and you get 24 ounces (710 mL) of Coal Region Nectar, enough for 12-18 servings. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: American Beverages, Christmas Beverages, Crockpot Recipes, Whiskey Drink Recipes, Orange Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Honey Recipes, Add category