Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mushroom-Artichoke_Lasagna

Description : 
 Using convenient no-boil lasagna noodles eliminates the chore of boiling and draining the noodles before assembly. If you are using noodles that require precooking, it's a good idea to rinse cooked noodles with cold water frequently to keep them separate before assembling the casserole. Low-fat silken tofu is best suited to dishes such as lasagna because of the tofu's creamy texture and neutral flavor. Make this delicious lasagna in advance, and reheat before serving.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  Vegetarian Times , December 1, 2003, p.30 
 Serves: 16 
 Ingredients : 
 Mushroom-artichoke mixture : 
 2 tsp.  olive oil 
 ¼ tsp.  crushed red pepper 
 4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ¾ cup sliced  scallions 
 ½ cup chopped  red bell pepper  or capsicum 
 6 oz.  portobello mushrooms , diced 
 8 oz.  white mushrooms , sliced 
 1 x 13 ¾-oz can (1 ¾ cups) quartered  artichoke hearts , drained and diced 
 4 tbsp.  tomato paste 
 ¼ cup  merlot  or  vegetable stock 
 ¼ cup  nutritional yeast 
 ¼ cup chopped  flat-leaf parsley 
 ½ tbsp. dried  basil 
 ½ tbsp. dried  oregano 
 Tofu ricotta mixture : 
 3 x 12.3-oz pkg. light, silken tofu, drained 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 cup chopped  scallions 
 4 tbsp. mellow  white miso 
 ½ cup  dry vermouth  or  vegetable stock 
 ⅓ cup  soy Parmesan cheese   or  (3 cups Cheddar or Colby-Jack) 
 ½ cup  nutritional yeast 
 1 tsp. dried  thyme 
 ¼ tsp. coarsely ground  black pepper 
 1 ½ x 25-oz jars (3 cups) roasted red-pepper  tomato sauce 
 1 x 9-oz pkg no-boil  lasagna noodles 
 Directions : 
 For the vegetable base : 
 Preheat an oven to 375° F. 
 Heat oil and a crushed red pepper in a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat about 1 minute. 
 Add garlic, scallions and bell peppers, and sauté for 3 minutes. 
 Add mushrooms and artichokes, and cook mixture 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Reduce heat to low, and add tomato paste and merlot, stirring to blend. Add yeast, parsley, basil and oregano. 
 Mix thoroughly, cook 10 minutes and set aside. 
 Tofu-ricotta mixture : 
 Mash tofu with the potato masher. 
 Add garlic and scallions. Combine miso and vermouth in small bowl, blending with a fork. 
 Add mixture to tofu. 
 Add soy Parmesan cheese, yeast, thyme and black pepper, mix thoroughly and set aside. Spread a layer of tomato sauce evenly on the bottom of 9x13-inch baking pan. 
 Top with a layer of uncooked noodles. 
 Add broken noodles around edges for an even fit. 
 Spoon tofu-ricotta mixture evenly over noodles. 
 Top with another layer of noodles, and cover noodles with tomato sauce. 
 Layer with mushroom-artichoke mixture; then cover with a layer of noodles and top with the remaining tomato sauce. 
 Sprinkle generously with soy Parmesan cheese. Cover the lasagna with foil. 
 Bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil, and bake 15 minutes more. 
 Remove from oven, and set aside for at least 15 minutes before serving. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 175 Calories | 11g Protein | 3g Total fat | 304mg Sodium | 24g Carbs | 4g Fiber | 5g Sugars 
 Notes : 
 You will regularly use cooked lasagna in addition to the vegetable base and tofu-ricotta mixture.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Vegan Recipes, Lasagne Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Portobello mushroom Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Merlot Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, White miso Recipes, Dry vermouth Recipes, Soy cheese Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Vegan Main Dish Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Vegetarian Main Dish Recipes, World Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Basil Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Red Pepper Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Semi-firm cheese Recipes, Colby-Jack Recipes, Add category