Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Five-spiced_Ahi_Tuna_with_California_Avocado_Wasabi_Vinaigrette


 
 Ingredients : 
 Seared ahi tuna : 
 1 ½ pounds #1 grade ahi  tuna , center cut 
 5 Spice Mix : 
 Schwezan  pepper 
 black peppercorns 
 coriander seed 
 star anise 
 fennel seed . 
 Mango and red pepper tartar : 
 2 cups finely diced  mango 
 1 cup finely diced red pepper 
 1 cup finely diced  cucumber 
 ½ cup finely diced  red onion 
 ½ cup fresh chopped  cilantro 
 ½ cup  lemon oil   or  extra virgin  olive oil 
 salt  and  white pepper , to taste 
 California avocado wasabi Vinaigrette : 
 1  California avocado 
 2 tsp  Wasabi  powder 
 1 each  shallot , minced 
 ¼ cup  seasoned rice wine vinegar 
 1 each  lemon , juiced 
 1 Tbsp  sesame oil 
 1 cup  olive oil 
 salt  and  pepper , to taste 
 Directions : 
 5 Spice Mix : 
 Grind equal parts in  coffee  grinder. 
 Seared ahi tuna : 
 Portion the Ahi  tuna  into 4 oz. portions and season them with  salt . 
 Rub the Ahi  tuna  with the  five spice  mix to coat completely. 
 Heat a non-stick pan and add 2 tablespoons of  vegetable oil . Once the  oil  is hot, add the Ahi  tuna  to the pan. Sear each side of the Ahi  tuna  for 30 seconds. 
 After all sides of the Ahi  tuna  are seared, place the fish onto a plate that has paper towels on it to absorb any excess  oil . 
 Slice the Ahi  tuna  into one-quarter inch thick pieces. 
 Mango and red pepper tartar : 
 In a stainless steal bowl; mix all six ingredients and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 California avocado wasabi Vinaigrette : 
 In household blender add all the ingredients, except the oils. 
 Purée until the mixture is smooth. 
 With the blender running, add the oils slowly adjusting the seasoning. 
 Pour the vinaigrette into a new container and keep cold until ready to serve 
 Garnish : 
 There are a variety of ways to garnish the dish. Here are a few ideas. Be creative with your presentation.
 
 toasted black and white  sesame seeds 
 micro Asian  greens 
 chile  or  lemon   oil 
 daikon sprouts  or  onion sprouts 
 fresh  cilantro  or  chive  sticks 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Tuna Recipes, Wasabi Recipes, Hass avocado Recipes, Daikon sprouts Recipes, Onion sprouts Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Star anise Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Mango Recipes, Add category