Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Pizza_with_Spinach_and_Feta

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp. freshly ground  black pepper 
 1/4 tsp.  Cayenne 
 3/4 cup crumbled  feta   Cheese  (4 oz.) 
 1/2 cup chopped fresh dill 
 16 to 24  cherry  and/or yellow  pear tomatoes , cut in half 
 1/2 cup part-skim  ricotta cheese 
 Pizza dough 
 1 1/2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 cup yellow  cornmeal 
 1 pkg. quick-rising  yeast 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp.  Sugar 
 1 tsp.  olive oil 
 2 tsp.  olive oil 
 2 bunches scallions (white and light green parts), chopped (1 cup) 
 2 medium cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 lb. fresh  spinach , stemmed 
 Directions : 
 Pizza dough: In food processor, combine  flour ,  cornmeal ,  yeast ,  salt  and  Sugar  and pulse on and off to mix. In small saucepan or glass measuring cup, combine 2/3 cup  water  and 1 teaspoon  oil . Heat on stovetop or in microwave until hot to the touch. An instant-read thermometer should register between 110ʡF and 120ʡF.
 
 With food processor motor running, gradually pour hot liquid through feed tube. Process until dough forms a ball, then process for 1 minute to knead. (If mixture is too dry, add 1 to 2 tablespoons warm  water .)
 
 Transfer dough to lightly floured surface. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 20 to 30 minutes. (Dough can be prepared 1 day ahead and refrigerated.)
 
 Meanwhile, in large pot, heat 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium-high heat. Add scallions and  garlic  and cook, stirring, until just softened, 30 to 60 seconds. Add  spinach  and cook, tossing with tongs, just until wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain  spinach  mixture in colander, pressing out moisture.
 
 In medium bowl, mix ricotta,  salt ,  pepper  and  Cayenne . Stir in  spinach  mixture,  feta  and dill.
 
 Prepare grill for indirect cooking: If using charcoal grill, build a hot fire in one half of grill. If using gas grill, preheat one burner on high, leaving the other unlit.
 
 Dust 2 baking sheets with  cornmeal . Divide pizza dough into 4 pieces. On lightly floured surface, roll each piece into 8-inch circle. Place 2 dough circles on each prepared baking sheet. Bring crusts and  spinach  topping to grill.
 
 Using your hands, transfer 2 dough circles to hot side of grill. Cover grill and cook until dough has puffed and underside is light golden, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes. Using tongs, flip crusts over and place on cooler side of grill. Spread one-quarter of topping (about 1 cup) over each crust. Top with half of  tomatoes . Cover and cook until crusts are crisp and topping is heated through, 3 to 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining crusts,
 
 topping and  tomatoes . Serve right away.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheese Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Feta Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Teardrop tomato Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category