Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Elephant_Soup

Description : 
 In African villages, a successful hunt means a share of fresh meat for everyone. After traveling in equatorial Africa one observer wrote,  "...the gorge they all go in for after a successful elephant hunt is a thing to see—once" . (Mary Kingsley, Travels in West Africa, 1897.) There can still be more meat than can be immediately consumed, especially when there are no refrigerators or freezers, so a tradition of preserving meat by drying or smoking has developed throughout Africa. Dried meat, called biltong (similar to jerky) is often eaten as is. If possible, obtain real African biltong (from an international or African import grocery store). There are many websites with recipes telling how to make your own biltong. South Africans in particular are sensitive about comparing African biltong to American  Beef  jerky.
 
 Ingredients : 
 one-half pound of biltong, or dried or smoked meat like  Beef  jerky 
 six to eight cups of  beef broth  or  beef stock 
 one cup of  mirepoix  (optional) 
 two  onions , finely chopped 
 one cup shelled, roasted  peanuts 
 one cup boiled  chana dal 
 one small  leek , finely chopped 
 one cup of Wumubu  mushrooms , 
 two tablespoons of  butter 
 salt ,  black pepper  (to taste) 
 one-half cup  cream 
 Directions : 
 Wash the biltong or dried meat in hot  water , and cut it into bite-sized pieces. 
 In a large pot or Dutch oven, combine the meat with enough cold  water  to cover it, and cook over a low heat for twenty to thirty minutes. 
 Add the  mirepoix  and  beef broth  and simmer for two hours. 
 Add the  onions ,  peanuts , and  dal  ( lentils ),  mushrooms , and  leek . Cook until the  dal  are completely disintegrated. 
 Adjust the seasoning. Add the  butter  and  cream . Serve. (The original recipe also calls some good  Madeira  to be added along with the  cream ) 
 
 
 
Categories: Somali Soups, Mushroom Recipes, Beef Recipes, Leek Recipes, Dal Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category