Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetable_Fried_Rice_with_Eggs

Description : 
 Nothing could be easier than this light version of fried rice. We've used instant brown rice, but if you have leftover cold rice or can pick some up at a Chinese restaurant on the way home, use that instead and skip Step 1.
 I used frozen brown rice. The frozen rice always makes better refried rice. Add 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes to step 3. I doubled peppers (used different colors), scallions, garlic and ginger. I would add a handful of shredded (julienned) carrots next time and replace asparagus with snow peas. 
 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 Source:  Eating Well Healthy in a Hurry 
 Active time: 40 minutes | Total time: 40 minutes 
 Makes 2 servings, 2 cups each 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup instant  brown rice 
 1 cup  vegetable broth 
 2  eggs , lightly beaten 
 2 teaspoons  canola oil 
 6 ounces  asparagus  spears, trimmed and cut into 1-inch pieces (about ½ bunch) 
 1 medium  red bell pepper , thinly sliced into 1-inch pieces 
 4  scallions , cut into 1-inch pieces 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon minced fresh  ginger 
 4 teaspoons reduced-sodium  soy sauce 
 2 tablespoons  rice vinegar 
 1 teaspoon toasted  sesame oil 
 hot red pepper sauce , to taste 
 Directions : 
 Combine rice and broth in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cover, reduce heat and simmer until the liquid is absorbed, 12 to 14 minutes. Spread the rice out on a large plate and let stand for 5 minutes. 
 While the rice is cooling, coat a large nonstick wok or skillet with cooking spray and place over medium heat. Pour in eggs and cook, stirring gently, until just set, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer to a small bowl. 
 Heat canola oil in the pan over medium-high; add asparagus and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add bell pepper, scallions, garlic and ginger; cook, stirring, until the vegetables are just tender, about 2 minutes. Add the cooked rice, soy sauce and vinegar to the pan; cook until the liquid is absorbed, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Fold in the cooked eggs. Remove from the heat; stir in sesame oil and hot sauce. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 364 calories | 14g fat (2g sat, 6g mono) | 212g cholesterol | 46g carbohydrate | 14g protein | 6g fiber | 675mg sodium | 444mg potassium 
 Nutrition bonus: Vitamin C (200% daily value) | Vitamin A (70% dv) | Iron (20% dv) | Folate (19% dv) 
 Carbohydrate servings: 3 
 Exchanges: 2 starch, 2 vegetable, 1 medium-fat meat, 1½ fat 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Indian Vegetarian, Brown rice Recipes, Instant rice Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Egg Recipes, Asparagus Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Add category