Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Callos_a_la_Madrile%C3%B1a

Description : 
       Callos a la Madrileña     
 Tripe is especially favored in Spain and, in fact, most countries where there is still a strong Spanish influence. This isn't surprising, because it makes a number of very different, but extremely tasty dishes. It requires long cooking times (less here because it is almost always cleaned and partially precooked when you buy it), but it keeps very well for days, in the refrigerator, and is even better when reheated than when first prepared. Since it's difficult to buy half a pig's foot or half a  Veal  knuckle, this recipe makes enough for 4 - 6 servings as a main course. Make a full recipe a day or two ahead of time, serve as many tapas as needed, then enjoy the rest as a main course or snacks. This can be reheated very nicely in the microwave, by the way.
 
 Serves 4 – 6 as a main course, or makes 12 – 18 tapas 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb "honeycomb"  tripe 
 ½ cup dry  white wine 
 1 small  tomato , chopped 
 1  pig's foot  or  veal knuckle , split in half 
 2 sprig  parsley 
 10  peppercorns , lightly crushed 
 2  cloves , crushed 
 1 dash of  nutmeg 
 2  bay leaves 
 ½ tsp dried  thyme , or equivalent amount of fresh 
 salt 
 1 small  onion , coarsely chopped 
 6 cloves  garlic , peeled 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 small  onion , finely chopped 
 ¼ lb  chorizo  (or Italian  sausage ), in ¼-inch slices 
 ¼ cup diced cured (unsmoked)  ham 
 1 tbsp  flour 
 1 tbsp sweet red (Spanish)  paprika 
 ½  dried red chili pepper , crumbled (remove seeds if you wish) 
 Directions : 
 Rinse the tripe well, then put it into a rather large kettle and add cold  water  to cover. 
 Bring to a boil, then drain immediately. 
 Cut the tripe into 1½-inch squares and return it to the empty kettle. 
 Add 3 cups cold  water  and the wine,  tomato , pig's foot or  veal  knuckle,  parsley , peppercorns, cloves,  nutmeg ,  bay leaves ,  thyme ,  salt  to taste, coarsely chopped  onion  and the  garlic . 
 Cover and simmer over low heat for 4 to 5 hours, until the tripe is almost tender. 
 Heat the  oil  in a skillet and saute the finely chopped  onion  until it is wilted. 
 Add the chorizo and  ham  and cook for 5 minutes. 
 Stir in the  flour  and  paprika  and cook 1 minute more. 
 Add ½ cup of the liquid from the tripe kettle, a little at a time, and cook-stir until the mixture thickens. 
 Add this and the  chile  to the tripe. 
 Cover and cook 1 – 2 hours more. 
 Remove the cover and continue cooking until the tripe is very tender. 
 Remove the pig's foot or  veal  knuckle from the tripe. 
 Remove and discard all skin, bone and fat. 
 Cut the  meat  into pieces and stir into the tripe. 
 Serve in warmed bowls or shallow individual tapa-size dishes. 
 Serve with good crusty bread for sopping up the sauce. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/45/Callos.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516003957']
Categories: Spanish Meat Dishes, Spanish Appetizers, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Ham Recipes, Tripe Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Snack Recipes, White wine Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Pork knuckle and shank Recipes, Add category