Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/American_Turkey_Turnovers

      American Turkey Turnovers     
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 ½ cup  onions  (finely chopped) 
 ½ cup  celery  (finely chopped) 
 4 tablespoons  butter 
 1 (10.5 ounces) can condensed  cream of chicken  soup 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon  pepper 
 3-5 dashes  poultry seasoning 
 3 cups cooked  turkey  or  chickens  (very finely chopped) 
 Pastryvefghuhsfeiug : 
 2 cups white  flour  or whole wheat  pastry flour 
 1 tablespoon  curry powder  (optional) 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ⅔ cup  vegetable shortening 
 ⅓ cup  ice   water 
 Directions : 
 Sauté  onion  and  celery  in  butter . 
 Stir in remaining ingredients for filling. 
 Sift together  flour ,  curry powder  (if using), and  salt . 
 Using either a  butter  knife, or a pastry blender cut in  shortening  until the mixture looks like a coarse meal. 
 Sprinkle in ¼ cup of the  ice   water , reserving the rest. 
 Toss with a fork to mix. 
 Quickly press the dough into a ball and set aside. 
 If there is any  flour  left in the bowl, use reserved  water  to dampen and then press into the rest of the dough. 
 There are two ways to do this next step, the second being the one i came up with myself. 
 On a floured surface roll dough ⅛ in thick, and then cut into twelve 6 inch rounds or make twelve balls of dough and roll into 6 inch rounds. 
 Spoon about 2 heaping tablespoons of the filling onto half of each of the rounds. 
 Brush the margin of each round with a little warm  water . 
 Fold the empty half over. 
 Use a fork to seal the edges, and then prick the top here and there. 
 Use a spatula to carefully transfer the finished turnovers to a  cookie sheet . 
 Cover loosely with wax paper and freeze overnight. 
 Package the turnovers in foil or freezer bags and label as necessary. 
 When ready to cook preheat over to 425 °F. 
 Place desired number of turnovers on a cookie sheet and cook for as little as 15 minutes. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/74/1h280542114.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004636']
Categories: American Snacks, American Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Curry Recipes, Pastry flour Recipes, Snack Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Canned chicken soup Recipes, Add category