Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Carrot_and_Coriander_Soup

Description : 
 This is one of the nicest soups I have ever made. I like mine to be a little spicy so i add chilli and red curry paste but you could easily leave those out and it would still be delicious! It all gets blended up so don't worry about sizes or shapes of your veggies!
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 small  onions  roughly chopped 
 2 large cloves mild / Russian  garlic  squashed with the blade of a knife 
 2 large scallions ( green onions ) roughly chopped 
 8 medium  carrots  roughly chopped 
 1 small  butternut pumpkin  skinned and roughly chopped 
 5 medium fresh  tomatoes  halved 
 1 medium  red chilli  with or without seeds depending on taste 
 1 tbsp  red curry paste 
 1 medium knob of  ginger  shredded 
 handful each of chopped  chives ,  basil  and coriander ( cilantro ) 
 2 litres  chicken stock 
 water 
 50 g  butter 
 Directions : 
 In a large stock pot heat small amount olive oil and saute' onions, garlic, chilli, ginger and shallots until they begin to caramelise slightly. 
 Stir in curry paste. 
 Add chopped carrots, pumpkin and tomatoes and cover with stock and water. 
 It is quite a thick soup once blended so i like to leave adding the water until after i puree it but this is up to you. 
 Add chopped herbs, and season with salt and pepper to taste. 
 Simmer for 1-1½ hours until stock has reduced and veggies are all soft and falling apart. 
 Use a stick blender if you have one to puree the mix (food processor would work just as well) until smooth and creamy. 
 Add water if it is too thick and leave to simmer after adding butter (this is optional but it gives it the most amazing yummy flavour, and i figure the rest of the soup is low fat so it is not so bad!) serve with crusty bread and a dollop of creamy Greek yoghurt a splash of cream. 
 Enjoy! 
 
 
 
Categories: Butternut squash Recipes, Carrot Soup Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category