Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Deep-dish_Sun-dried_Tomato_Quiche

Ingredients : 
 Pastry : 
 2 cups whole wheat  pastry flour 
 ⅓ cup  rolled oats 
 ¼ tsp  sea salt 
 ⅓ cup “lite”  silken tofu 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 tbsp  brown rice syrup 
 ⅓ cup + 1 tbsp  ice   water 
 Filling : 
 1 x 3-oz pkg. dry-packed  sun-dried tomatoes 
 1 cup boiling  water 
 ½ cup enriched  soymilk 
 2 tbsp  lemon juice 
 2 tsp  olive oil 
 ¼ tsp  crushed red peppers 
 4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 large  shallot , minced 
 ½ cup sliced  scallions 
 1 x 13¾-oz can  artichokes , cubed 
 2 tbsp  capers , rinsed 
 2 tbsp chopped fresh  basil  leaves 
 1 x 12.3-oz pkg. “lite”  silken tofu , plus remainder from pastry 
 3 tbsp mild  white miso 
 ¼ cup dry  sherry   or   apple cider 
 ⅓ cup mashed- potato flakes 
 ⅓ cup  nutritional yeast 
 ¼ tsp  ground turmeric 
 1 tsp dried  basil 
 Directions : 
 Pastry : 
 Lightly spray 9½-inch deep-dish pie plate with  olive oil . 
 Place  flour ,  oats  and  salt  in food processor, and pulse to mix. 
 Add  tofu ,  oil  and  rice syrup , and blend. 
 With motor running, pour  ice   water  through feed tube, and process until mixture comes together in ball. 
 Turn onto lightly floured work surface. 
 Sprinkle dough lightly with  flour , and roll out to ⅛- to ¼-inch thickness. 
 Press into prepared pan and trim edges, leaving a 1-inch overlap. 
 Using thumb and forefinger, press decorative edge alongside, around top edge. 
 Set dough aside in refrigerator. 
 Filling : 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Combine  tomatoes  and  water  in small bowl, and set aside. 
 Combine  soymilk  and  lemon juice  in nonreactive bowl, and set aside. 
 Heat  oil  and  crushed red peppers  in 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat, about 1 minute. 
 Add  garlic , shallots and scallions, and sauté 3 minutes. 
 Reserving soaking liquid, add  tomatoes , artichokes,  capers  and chopped  basil  to pan. 
 Reduce heat to medium-low, and cook mixture 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Place  tofu  in food processor, and blend until smooth. 
 Place  miso  in small bowl, add  sherry  and blend with fork until smooth. 
 Add  miso  mixture,  soymilk  mixture and reserved soaking liquid to  tofu , and process. 
 Add  potato flakes ,  yeast  and  ground turmeric , and process. 
 Fold  tofu  mixture into artichokes, and mix thoroughly. 
 Spoon mixture into pie shell, and sprinkle with dried  basil . 
 Place on middle rack in oven. 
 Bake 35 minutes, or until lightly browned. 
 Remove from oven, and let stand 15 minutes. 
 Serve lukewarm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Artichoke Recipes, Basil Recipes, Brunch Recipes, Caper Recipes, Cider Recipes, Nutritional yeast Recipes, Potato Recipes, Quiche Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Add category