Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roast_Leg_of_Lamb_with_Small_Onions

Description : 
 This recipe came from an estate sale. I obtained it when I purchased the family collection from the Wadley Estate in Allen, Texas in 1990.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1 ounce unsmoked  bacon 
 3  garlic  cloves 
 5 pounds  leg of lamb 
 1½ teaspoons  coarse salt 
 4 tablespoons  olive oil 
 6  peppercorns  bruised 
 1 sprig fresh  parsley 
 2 tablespoons  celery leaves  chopped 
 1 sprig fresh  rosemary 
 3 fresh  sage  leaves 
 2 sprigs fresh  thyme 
 1 sprig fresh  marjoram 
 1½ cups light Italian  red wine 
 1 pound  small white onions 
 1 teaspoon  sugar 
 4 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 ½ cup  orange juice 
 2 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 Directions : 
 Chop bacon and garlic. 
 Make a few deep slits in lamb along the grain of the meat and push mixture into the slits. 
 Rub the leg with salt and place it in a roasting pan and pour over the olive oil. 
 Add peppercorns and herbs and leave to marinate for 24 hours in the refrigerator. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Pour wine over the lamb and place in the oven. 
 Baste meat every 30 minutes or so. 
 Put the onions in a pan then cover with cold water and bring to a boil then drain. 
 Remove outside skin and roots but do not remove any layer of onion or cut into the root. 
 About 1 hour after you put the lamb in the oven add the onions. 
 Put the pan back in the oven and continue cooking for 2 hours basting every 30 minutes. 
 Remove the leg of lamb from the pan and set aside to cool while you prepare the sauce. 
 Lift out the onions with a slotted spoon and put them in a heated dish or bowl. 
 Strain the cooking juices into a clean saucepan and skim off as much fat as you possibly can. 
 Heat the cooking juices and add the sugar and the lemon and orange juices. 
 When sauce is simmering add the butter in little pieces and let it dissolve while swirling the pan. 
 Transfer to a heated sauce boat. 
 Carve the roast at the table and pass around the onions sauce and other vegetables. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Lamb leg Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Add category