Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Meat_Patties_for_the_Month

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Contributed by 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 6 pounds hamburger 
 2  sweet potatoes , cut up, boiled, mashed 
 24 oz.  cottage cheese 
 1  Apple 
 1  Pear 
 3 Tbs Soy &/or Worchestershire Sauce 
 12-15 dog vitamins; crushed (a  coffee  grinder works wonderfully for this!) 
 Directions : 
 Cut up the  sweet potatoes  and boil for about 15 minutes, until mashable. 
 While  sweet potatoes  are boiling, put  Onion ,  Pear  and  Apple  through food processor (chop cycle). 
 Combine all ingredients (mashed  sweet potatoes , chopped  Onion ,  Pear  and  Apple ,  cottage cheese , Soy and/or Worchestershire Sauce and dog vitamins) with hamburger. 
 Use a 1/2 cup scoop to make meat patties. It will make approximately 27 half-cup meat patties. 
 Keep out enough for two days and freeze the rest. For a remarkable tasty meal, I microwave a meat patty for 5–6 minutes and combine the meat pattie and it's juices with 1 cup kibble, 1 cup  oatmeal , 1 cup fresh vegetables and about 1/2 cup 2%  milk . This feeds one very active large size dog (about 50-60 lb). For a change, instead of  oatmeal , use polenta,  brown rice , or  Pasta . Use a variety of fresh vegetables,  cabbage ,  carrots ,  corn ,  potatoes , greenbeans,  Peas , broccali, etc. or throw in a fruit or two. 
 Contributed by : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Corn Recipes, Cottage cheese Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Pasta Recipes, Pea Recipes, Add category