Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Stuffed_Calamari_Sushi_with_Black_Bean_Aioli

Ingredients : 
 Grilled stuffed calamari sushi : 
 1  red bell pepper  finely diced 
 2 lapchong finely diced (may substitute with  sausage ) 
 2 cup cooked  sushi rice 
 ¼ cup chopped  scallions 
 ¼ cup chopped  cilantro 
 1 tbsp  oyster sauce 
 12 medium  squid  tubes 
 salt  to taste 
 1 tbsp  chile powder  (Korean or ancho) 
 canola oil  to cook 
 Black bean aioli : 
 2 tbsp minced  garlic 
 2  serrano chiles 
 1 tbsp rinsed, minced  fermented black beans 
 1 tbsp minced  ginger 
 2 tbsp  rice wine vinegar 
 2  egg yolks 
 1 cup  canola oil 
 salt  to taste 
 Freshly ground black  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Grilled Stuffed calamari Sushi : 
 Pre-heat a grill very hot. In a skillet coat lightly with  oil  and on high heat, sautee the  pepper  and lapchong until soft, about 4 minutes. Fold in with  rice  and add the scallions,  cilantro  and  oyster  sauce. Season and check. Stuff the  squid  tubes using a pastry bag or plastic bag with the tip cut off. 
 oil  the grill and season the tubes with  salt , and  chile . Mark the tubes, and roll them around so that all sides cook evenly, about 5 minutes total. Be careful not to overcook the  squid  as it will get tough. Let rest 1 minute then slice into one-inch pieces, like sushi. 
 Black bean aioli : 
 Sauté  garlic , chiles,  black beans  and  ginger  until soft. Deglaze with  vinegar  and reduce by 80%. Let cool completely. In a food processor, add mixture with yolks. While processor is on, drizzle in  oil , slowly at first until it emulsifies then more quickly. Check for seasoning. Store in refrigerator. 
 For Plating: Fill a small dish with the aioli and arrange the 'sushi' around the dish. The 'sushi' should be dipped before consumed. 
 
 Return to How to make sushi 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Sushi Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Fermented black bean Recipes, Glutinous rice Recipes, Japanese Appetizers, Red bell pepper Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Squid Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Seafood appetizer Recipes, Side Dish Seafood Recipes, Seafood Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Main Dish Seafood Recipes, Add category