Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/New_Orleans_Red_Beans_and_Rice_I

Description : 
 Red beans and rice is an emblematic dish of Louisiana Creole cuisine, (not originally of Cajun cuisine) traditionally made on Mondays with red beans, vegetables ( bell pepper ,  onion  and  celery ), spices ( thyme ,  cayenne pepper , and  bay leaf ) and pork bones as left over from Sunday dinner, cooked together slowly in a pot and served over rice. Meats such as ham, sausage (most commonly Andouille , and Tasso ham are also frequently used in the dish. It is an old custom from the time when ham was a Sunday meal and Monday was washday. A pot of beans could sit on the stove and simmer while the women were busy scrubbing clothes.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound dried  red kidney beans , sorted, rinsed, soaked overnight, and drained 
 1 pound smoked  sausage , sliced 
 1 large  onion , diced 
 1 large  bell pepper , diced 
 2 stalks  celery , diced 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 dried  bay leaves 
 1 teaspoon dried  thyme  leaves 
 10 cups of  water 
 dash  Tabasco 
 fresh ground  black pepper  to taste 
 cayenne pepper  to taste 
 white rice 
 Preparation : 
 In a large saucepan or stockpot, render sausage over medium high heat. 
 When slightly browned, remove the sausage with a slotted spoon and add the onions, peppers, and celery. 
 Sweat over medium heat until translucent (5-10 minutes). 
 Add garlic, thyme, pepper, and cayenne. 
 Cook 1 minute. 
 Add beans and stir. 
 Add water, bay leaf, and Tabasco. 
 Bring to a boil over medium high heat, then reduce to medium low. 
 Simmer at a barely breaking boil for 1½ hours, stirring occasionally. 
 Remove bay leaves. 
 When beans are tender, mash them against the side of the pot with a spoon or pulse with an immersion blender until about half of the beans are broken and the liquid is thin, but creamy. 
 Add the sausage and continue to cook on low for 15 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. 
 Serve over cooked  white rice  with hot sauce on the side. 
 
 
 
Categories: Creole Meat Dishes, Southern Meat Dishes, Red kidney bean Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, White rice Recipes, Add category