Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crab_Rangoon

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Ingredients : 
 8 ounces  cream cheese 
 8 ounces fresh  crab  meat or canned  crab  meat, drained and flaked 
 1 teaspoon  red onion , chopped 
 ½ teaspoon Lea and Perrins  Worcestershire sauce 
 ½ teaspoon light  soy sauce 
 freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 1  green onion , finely sliced 
 1 large clove  garlic , smashed, peeled, and finely minced 
 1 package  wonton wrappers 
 1 small bowl  water 
 oil  for deep-frying, as needed 
 Directions : 
 Combine the  cream cheese  and  crab  meat. 
 Mix in the remaining six filling ingredients (up to the wonton wrappers) one at a time. 
 On a flat surface, lay out a won ton wrapper in front of you so that it forms 2 triangles (not a square). 
 Wet the edges of the wonton. 
 Add 1 teaspoon of filling to the middle, and spread it out toward the left and right points of the wrapper so that it forms a log or rectangular shape (otherwise the wrapper may break in the middle during deep-frying). 
 Fold over the edges of the wrapper to make a triangle. 
 Wet the edges with  water  and press together to seal. 
 Keep the completed crab rangoon covered with a damp towel or paper towel to keep them from drying out while preparing the remainder. 
 Heat wok and add  oil  for deep-frying. 
 When  oil  is ready (the temperature should be between 360°F - 375°F), carefully slide in the crab Rangoon, taking care not to overcrowd the wok. 
 Deep-fry until they are golden brown, about 3 minutes, turning once. 
 Remove with a slotted spoon and drain. 
 Serve hot with sweet and sour sauce or Chinese hot  mustard . 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, American Chinese Appetizers, American Chinese Meat Dishes, Cream cheese Recipes, Dumpling Recipes, Wonton noodle Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red onion Recipes, Crab Recipes, Add category