Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Czech_Goulash_(the_Real_Thing)

This came from my Grandmother who received it from her mother who moved here from Czechoslovokia.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs cubed  Beef , about 1/2 inch 
 2 lbs of cubed  Pork , about 1/2 inch 
 2 tablespoons  oil , to brown your meat 
 2 teaspoons  pickling spices 
 1 cup chopped  onions  (preferably sweet) 
 2 (15 ounces) cans of diced stewed  tomatoes 
 1 (14 ounces) bottle  catsup  (preferably Heinz) 
 1 (10 ounces) can  tomato  soup (preferably Campbells) 
 1 teaspoon ground cloves 
 1 teaspoon ground  allspice 
 1 teaspoon ground  nutmeg 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 1 teaspoon ground  paprika 
 1 teaspoon  Sugar 
 1/2 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 1/2 teaspoon  black pepper 
 1/2 teaspoon  red peppers 
 1 teaspoon  white vinegar 
 1 teaspoon good  whiskey  (I use Black Jack Daniels) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in large Dutch oven (large stew pot) on high heat. 
 Combine  Beef  and  Pork  and begin to brown in  oil  on all sides. 
 When meat is browned on all sides add  Onion ; add enough  water  to cover the meat and  onions  mixture. 
 Tie  pickling spices  in a cheesecloth or, us a metal tea ball only half full. 
 Spices will expand while cooking. 
 Drop cheesecloth or teaball into meat mixture. 
 Simmer mixture for 45 minutes. 
 Add ingredients from cans, diced  tomatoes ,  tomato  soup, and  catsup ; stir mixture well. 
 Finally add all the spices as measured, the  vinegar  and the  whiskey ! 
 Turn fire or heat to a low setting and simmer for 1 hour with lid on the pot. 
 Check and stir frequently to prevent the bottom from scorching or burning. 
 Remove pickling spice container and discard before serving 
 Note 
 You can add 2 cups of  egg noodles  as you are simmering the soup till the noodles are tender. You may have to add a little more  water  for the noodles. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Pork Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Czech Meat Dishes, Add category