Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pasta_Pie_with_Broccoli_and_Italian_Sausage

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Original recipe 
 Author: Sandra Woodruff, Christopher Saudek 
 Yield: 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 12 ounces  turkey Italian sausage , casings removed 
 1½ cups chopped fresh  mushrooms 
 10-ounce package frozen chopped  broccoli  or  spinach , thawed 
 1 teaspoon crushed  garlic 
 2½ cups cooked thin  spaghetti  (about 5 ounces dry) 
 1¼ cups shredded reduced-fat  mozzarella  or  provolone  cheese 
 2 cups fat-free  egg substitute 
 2 tablespoons grated  Parmesan cheese 
 olive oil  cooking spray 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. 
 Coat a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray and place over medium heat. 
 Add the sausage and cook for several minutes, stirring to crumble until the sausage is no longer pink. 
 Add the mushrooms, broccoli or spinach, and garlic. 
 Cover and cook for a few minutes more, until the vegetables are tender. 
 Drain off any excess liquid. 
 Place the sausage and vegetables in a large bowl and toss in the spaghetti. 
 Next toss in the mozzarella and egg substitute. 
 Respray the skillet with cooking spray and spread the pasta mixture evenly in the dish. 
 Sprinkle the Parmesan cheese over the top and spray the top lightly with the cooking spray. 
 Bake uncovered for about 20 minutes, until the center of the pie is set but still moist. 
 Let sit for 5 minutes before cutting into wedges and serving. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (⅙ of recipe):
 
 Calories: 305 | Protein: 30 g | Sodium: 745 mg | Cholesterol: 62 mg | Fat: 10 g | Carbohydrates: 22 g 
 Exchanges: 1¼ starch | 1 vegetable | 3½ lean meat 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Turkey sausage Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Spaghetti Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Provolone Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Add category