Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tamale_Pie_I

Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 2 cups  onions , chopped 
 2 – 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 fresh green  chile *, minced  or  2 tsp minced  chipotles  in  adobo sauce 
 2 tsp ground  cumin 
 2 cups  water 
 1 cup  green beans , de-stemmed and diced 
 2 cups  potatoes , in ¾-inch cubes 
 2 – 3 cups  sweet potatoes ,  carrots , or  butternut squash , in ¾-in cubes 
 1 tbsp  lemon  or  lemon juice 
 1 cup  cheddar  cheese, grated 
 1 cup  cornmeal 
 2 tbsp white  flour 
 1½ tsp  baking powder 
 ½ tsp  baking soda 
 ½ cup  corn  (fresh, canned, or frozen) 
 ½ cup  red bell pepper , diced 
 2 tbsp fresh  cilantro , minced 
 2  eggs 
 ½ cup  buttermilk 
 Directions : 
 Heat 1 tbsp  oil  and sauté  onions ,  garlic , ½ tsp  salt , and  chile  about 10 minutes, stirring frequently, until the  onions  begin to brown. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Add  cumin ,  water ,  green beans ,  potatoes , and  sweet potatoes  and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat and let simmer about 20 minutes, until tender. 
 Stir in  lime juice  and pour into lightly-oiled baking dish. 
 While the  potatoes  are cooking, combine  cornmeal ,  flour ,  baking powder  and soda, remaining ½ tsp  salt ,  corn ,  bell peppers , and  cilantro  in one bowl, and whisking the  eggs ,  buttermilk , and remaining 2 tbsp  oil  together in the other. 
 Combine the wet into the dry, folding until just mixed. 
 Sprinkle  cheddar  cheese on top of the vegetable mixture in the baking dish, then spread the  egg / cornmeal  mixture evenly on top. 
 Bake 30 minutes, until a knife or toothpick inserted into the  cornmeal  topping comes out clean. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Casserole Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Butternut squash Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Corn Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Chipotle pepper Recipes, Potato Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Egg Recipes, Add category