Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Polenta_with_Vegetable_Ragout

Ingredients : 
 Polenta : 
 4 cups cold  water  or  vegetable stock 
 1 tsp dried  rosemary , crushed 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 cup  cornmeal 
 ½ cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 Sauce : 
 1 cup  stock  or  water 
 1 cup diced  yellow onions 
 1 cup  zucchini , sliced in ½" rounds 
 2 cup sliced  asparagus , 1" lengths 
 3 cup sliced  mushrooms 
 1½ cups  tomatoes , chopped 
 2 tbsp chopped fresh  parsley 
 2 tsp minced  garlic 
 salt  and  pepper 
 goat cheese  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Bring  water  to a boil in a medium-size saucepan and add the  rosemary  and  salt . 
 Reduce the heat to a simmer and slowly add  cornmeal , whisking constantly. 
 Cook over low heat, still stirring, until mixture is thick, about 10 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and stir in the Parmesan until melted. 
 If you are planning to the polenta in a soft state, you can keep it mushy by adding  water  and occasionally stirring until the sauce is ready. 
 If you plan to bake it pour the polenta into a lightly oiled shallow baking dish, smooth top and let cool for 1 hour, or up to 24 hours. 
 When you are ready to bake the polenta, remove from refrigerator, run a knife around the inside of the pan and turn on a flat surface. 
 Cut into squares and place on a lightly oiled baking sheet. 
 Bake at 350°F for about 15 minutes or until the tops begins to brown lightly. 
 For the sauce: bring a cup of  vegetable stock  to a simmer in a saucepan. 
 Add the  onions  and cook, covered, until they are transparent, about 15 minutes. 
 Add  zucchini ,  asparagus , and  mushrooms  and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes. 
 Add the  tomatoes ,  parsley ,  garlic  and  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Cook another 5 minutes, spoon mixture over bowl of soft polenta or 2 squares of baked polenta. 
 Garnish with  goat cheese  and serve at once. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 238 calories | 13g pro | 38g carb | 6g fat (20%) 
 Exchanges: 2.7 vegetable | 1.6 bread | .9 meat | .2 fat 
 
 
 
Categories: Ovo-lacto Recipes, Asparagus Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Goat cheese Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category