Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crabby_Cr%C3%AApes

Crabby Crêpes 
 This Recipe Came From my Aunt Maggie's Collection. i Obtained This Recipe When i Inherited The Family Collection in 1980. i Have Made This Recipe on Several Occasions And it is Very Good.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Crêpes : 
 3  eggs  separated 
 ¾ cup  all-purpose flour 
 1 cup  milk 
 2 tablespoon cooking  oil 
 1 teaspoon  sugar 
 ⅛ teaspoon  salt 
 Filling : 
 2  tomatoes  seeded peeled and diced 
 1 large white  onion  diced 
 2  poblano peppers  seeded and diced 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ cup dry  white wine 
 ½ cup  sour cream 
 ½ pound  crab  meat 
 ½ pound cooked  shrimp  diced 
 ½ cup Monterey  jack cheese  grated 
 ½ cup mild  cheddar  cheese grated 
 Directions : 
 Crêpes : 
 Beat  egg  whites until stiff peaks form then set aside. 
 In bowl combine  flour ,  egg  yolks,  milk ,  oil ,  sugar  and  salt  then beat with rotary beater until blended. 
 Fold in  egg  whites. 
 Heat a lightly greased 6-inch skillet. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Spoon in 2 tablespoons batter then lift and tilt skillet to spread batter. 
 Return to heat then brown on one side only. 
 Invert over paper toweling and remove crêpe. 
 Repeat with remaining batter greasing skillet often. 
 Filling : 
 Purée the  tomatoes ,  onion  and  poblano peppers  in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. 
 Pour into a saucepan and add the  sugar , salt  and  white wine . 
 Bring to a simmer and reduce over low heat stirring occasionally until thick about 30 minutes. 
 Add sour cream and heat but do not boil. 
 Stir in the crabmeat and  shrimp . 
 Place 2 crêpes on top of each other and put a few tablespoons of filling in the center then roll and place in a baking pan. 
 Repeat to make 6 double crêpes. 
 Top with remaining sauce and sprinkle with the cheeses then brown under a preheated broiler and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Crêpe Recipes, Egg Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Poblano pepper Recipes, Crab Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, White wine Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Add category