Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jus_de_Bissap


 
 Description : 
 Made from the dried red flowers of Hibiscus sabdariffa, a kind of hibiscus plant, Jus de Bissap (Beesap) seems to be more of a tea than a "juice". It is often called the "national drink of Senegal". Every busy street, train station, bus depot, and stadium will have its bissap vendors selling the drink. The dried flowers can be found in every market. Bissap is equally popular in many neighboring countries of Western Africa: both the flower and the beverage are also known as l'Oseille de Guinée, Guinea  sorrel , and Karkadé. In Arabic-speaking countries, such as Egypt and Sudan, they are called Karkaday. The dried flowers are often called dried red  sorrel ,  sorrel , or  roselle .
village in senegal
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 to 3 cups of dried  hibiscus flowers  ( sorrel  or  roselle ) 
 1 to 2 cups of  Sugar 
 1 or 2 of the following optional flavorings:
 sprig of  mint 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 ½ teaspoon grated  fresh ginger  root 
 1 teaspoon  orange-flower water 
 ½ cup  lemon juice 
 1 cup  pineapple juice  or  orange juice 
 Directions : 
 Briefly rinse the dried flowers in cool  water . 
 In a saucepan heat two quarts (approximately two litres) of cold  water . 
 As soon as the  water  begins to boil, add the dried hibiscus leaves. 
 Immediately remove from heat and let the flowers steep for ten minutes. 
 Pour the  water  from the pot into a pitcher using a strainer (lined with a cheesecloth or paper towel if you like) to separate the flowers from the  water  (be sure not to pour any of the flower sediment into the pitcher) 
 Stir in the  sugar . 
 Add any other flavorings (if desired). 
 Add  ice  and chill completely. 
 May be served over  ice . 
 Serve anytime, and especially with Ceebu Jën or any dish from Western Africa. 
 
 
 
Categories: Senegalese Soups, Pineapple Recipes, Mint Recipes, Pineapple juice Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Orange flower water Recipes, Roselle Recipes, Sorrel Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category