Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Kosher_for_Passover_Cheesecake


 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 1 stick lightly salted  butter 
 2  chocolate  macaroons finely ground kosher for Pesach 
 Filling : 
 crumbs 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 2 lbs  cream cheese , (room temperature) 
 1½ cup  sugar 
 1½ tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 pinch  salt 
 4 large  eggs , (room temperature) 
 ½ cup  Brazil nuts , chopped 
 Sour cream glaze : 
 2 cup  sour cream 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 1 tsp  vanilla extract 
 little grated  lemon  zest 
 2 tbsp  Brazil nuts , chopped 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 Melt  butter  and combine with crumbs and  sugar  in food processor or with a fork until blended. 
 Press small amounts of mix all the way up sides of an ungreased spring-form and then press the remaining crumbs over bottom of spring-form. 
 Filling : 
 In mixer; whip  cream cheese  on high speed for 5 minutes. 
 Add  sugar  and beat for 2 minutes more. 
 Add  lemon juice  and  salt  and blend together thoroughly. 
 Add the  eggs , one at a time, keeping the mixer on the lowest speed (just until each  egg  has been incorporated into batter. 
 Fold in  Brazil nuts  with a spatula. If using food processor: put  sugar  in first. 
 Cut each 8 oz block of  cream cheese  into eight 1" cubes and add the first 8 cubes to bowl. 
 Process using on-off pulse about 25 times and then add rest of  cream cheese  gradually, until mixture is smooth and creamy. 
 When it looks perfect, blend non-stop for 20 seconds more and then blend in  lemon juice  and  salt  for 10 seconds. 
 Crack  eggs  in a bowl, break them up slightly with a fork, and then add them to batter in processor bowl, and fold them lightly into batter with rubber spatula preventing them from sinking to bottom. 
 Cut the  eggs  in batter by using on-off pulse 10 times. 
 Scrape down sides with spatula and pulse on-off 5 times more. 
 Fold in  nuts  with a rubber spatula. 
 Pour batter into crust and bake at 350 °F for 55 minutes. 
 Let cool for 10 minutes before you glaze. 
 Topping : 
 Combine evenly and smoothly over top of baked filling, sprinkle  nuts  around border, grate  lemon  zest into the center as decoration, and return to 350 °F oven for 10 minutes. 
 Remove from oven and immediately place in refrigerator to cool to prevent cracks from forming in cake. 
 Hint : 
 Most cheesecakes can be kosher for Passover if you replace whatever crumbs are call for in crust with  nuts  or kosher cookie crumbs.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Brazil nut Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Passover Desserts, Sour cream Recipes, Add category