Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pecan_and_Mushroom_Burgers

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Eating Well , Summer 2002 
 Formatted by ChupaBabi in MC: 06.20.07 
 Makes 8 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 ⅔ cup  bulgur 
 ¾ teaspoon  salt , divided 
 1 cup boiling  water 
 6 teaspoons extra-virgin  olive oil , divided 
 8 ounces  white  or  brown mushrooms , stems trimmed, wiped clean and chopped 
 1½ cups chopped  onion  (1 large) 
 1½ tablespoons  balsamic vinegar 
 ¾ cup  pecan  halves 
 1 large  egg , lightly beaten 
 ½ cup fine dry  breadcrumbs 
 freshly ground  pepper  to taste 
 8 whole-wheat buns (optional) 
 watercress  for garnish 
 Blue cheese sauce (optional) : 
 ⅓ cup non-fat plain  yogurt 
 3 tablespoons crumbled  blue cheese , (1 ounce) 
 ½ teaspoon  balsamic vinegar 
 Directions : 
 Place bulgur and ¼ teaspoon salt in a small bowl. 
 Pour the boiling water over, cover and set aside until the water is absorbed, about 20 minutes. 
 Drain in a sieve, pressing out excess liquid. 
 Meanwhile, heat 2 teaspoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. 
 Add mushrooms, onion and remaining ½ teaspoon salt; cook, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Stir in vinegar. 
 Immediately transfer the mixture to a plate and let cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. 
 Toast pecans in a small dry skillet over medium-low heat, stirring, until fragrant, 4 to 6 minutes. 
 Transfer to a plate to cool. 
 Prepare blue cheese sauce, if using. 
 Combine the vegetable mixture and pecans in a food processor; pulse briefly until coarsely chopped. 
 Add egg and the bulgur; pulse briefly, scraping down the sides if necessary, until the mixture is cohesive but roughly textured. 
 Transfer to a bowl; stir in breadcrumbs and pepper. Mix well. 
 With dampened hands, form the mixture into eight ½-inch-thick patties, using about ½ cup for each. 
 Using 2 teaspoons oil per batch, cook 4 patties at a time in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until evenly browned and heated through, about 4 minutes per side. 
 Meanwhile, split and toast buns, if using, to serve the burgers on. 
 Garnish the burgers with watercress and the cheese sauce, if desired. 
 Do-ahead: prepare through step 14. 
 Wrap patties individually and refrigerate for up to 2 days or freeze for up to 3 months. 
 Thaw in the refrigerator before cooking. 
 Blue cheese sauce : 
 Combine yogurt, blue cheese and vinegar in a small bowl and blend with a fork to make a chunky sauce. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (without buns or garnishes): 
 
 197 calories | 12 g fat (1 g sat, 7 g mono) | 26 mg cholesterol | 19 g carbohydrate | 5 g protein | 4 g fiber | 281 mg sodium | 241 mg potassium. 
 Nutrition bonus: fiber (17% daily value) 
 Carbohydrate Serving: ½ 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Vegetarian Recipes, Burger Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Onion Recipes, Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Egg Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Blue cheese Recipes, Add category