Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hawaiian_Seafood_Soup

This recipe yields 4 to 6 servings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 med	 onions 
 1 oz  fresh ginger  - (2" by 1") 
 3 x  garlic  cloves 
 2 x jalapeños 
 1 can	 plum tomatoes  - (16 oz) 
 1/2 cup  macadamia nuts 
 1/2 cup  cilantro  leaves - (loosely packed) minced, leaving 
 a few whole leaves for garnish 
 2 tbl	 olive oil 
 2 tbl	fresh  lemon juice 
 1 1/2	tbl  paprika 
 2/3 cup  coconut milk 
 1 can	 chicken stock  - (2 cups) 
 1/2 lb fresh peeled  Shrimp 
 1/2 lb medium  Scallops 
 1/2 lb firm fish fillet cut 1/2" cubes 
 (e.g.  Tuna ,  Snapper ,  Swordfish ) 
 salt  to taste 
 1 tsp	freshly-ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Peel and coarsely dice  onions . Heat  oil  in large pan, add  onions  and cook over low heat for 15 minutes. Peel and mince  garlic  and  ginger . Stem, seed and mince chiles. Coarsely chop  tomatoes , reserve juice. Stir  ginger ,  garlic , chiles, half of the  tomatoes , all the reserved  tomato juice ,  lemon juice  and  paprika  into pan. Cook for 2 minutes, then add  coconut milk . Put  macadamia nuts  in food processor, process until finely ground, add to soup. Put  cilantro  leaves in processor and chop, add 1/2 leaves to soup. Transfer soup to processor and puree adding stock with machine still running. Return to pan, add remaining  tomatoes  and chopped  cilantro . Bring soup to a boil. Season with  salt  and  black pepper . Cover and keep warm. (Can be cooled, covered and refrigerated up to 2 days.) If soup has been refrigerated, bring to simmer just before serving. While soup is still very hot add  Shrimp ,  Scallops , and fish. Keep lid on for 5 minutes to allow hot liquid to cook fish trough. Be careful not to overcook. Serve immediately and garnish with  cilantro  leaves.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Hawaiian Soups, Macadamia nut Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Scallops Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Snapper Recipes, Swordfish Recipes, Tomato juice Recipes, Add category