Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Latvian_Sourdough_Rye_Bread

Ingredients : 
 3½ cups + 1 tbsp  apple cider 
 2 tbsp  caraway seeds 
 5½ cups (or more) whole grain (coarse)  rye flour  (i.e., Hodgson Mill) 
 1 cup sourdough starter (1:1 ratio  water : bread flour ) 
 1 tbsp  yeast 
 1 tsp  salt 
 2½ cups  bread flour 
 vegetable oil spray  (PAM, etc.) 
 1  egg 
 rye flakes 
 Directions : 
 Heat 3 cups  apple cider  and 2 tablespoons  caraway seeds  to boiling; pour over 3 cups of coarse  rye flour  and stir. 
 Let mixture cool. 
 Add 1 cup active sourdough starter and mix well. 
 The mixture will resemble heavy porridge as the  rye flour  absorbs the  apple cider . 
 Sprinkle ½ cup coarse  rye flour  over the mixture but do not stir at this point. 
 Cover your bowl with a dish towel, and then wrap the covered bowl with a beach towel or blanket. 
 Put wrapped bowl in a warm spot (next to a heat register is good) and allow the mixture to ferment for up to 24 hours (less time if you think it will be too sour). 
 Dissolve 1 tablespoon  yeast  in ½ cup warm (105-115°F;). 
 apple cider . 
 Let the  yeast  mixture bubble and then add it to the sourdough mixture. 
 Gradually add 1 teaspoon  salt , 2½ cups  bread flour , and 2 cups coarse  rye flour . 
 Knead with your heavy-duty electric mixer. 
 If the dough seems too wet, add more  rye flour  (wet dough will result in a soggy baked brick). 
 This type of bread is tricky to make, as the dough is always very sticky from the  rye ; it takes some trial and error to get a feel for the dough. 
 If the dough is too wet, it becomes slack after a while; the correct consistency of dough remains rather firm. 
 Spray a formica countertop or a marble pastry board with vegetable  cooking spray . 
 Use a small plastic pan scraper or something like that to scrape your dough out of the bowl and onto your work surface. 
 Using a bench knife/dough scraper, divide the dough into two equal chunks. 
 Wet your hands with  water  and keep a bowl of  water  handy for additional dipping. 
 Form the dough into two loaves on the oiled surface, using just your wet hands; do not add  flour  at this point. 
 Place the loaves into oiled bread pans (8½" x 4½"). 
 Cover with a dish towel and let rise in a warm place. 
 Believe it or not, this very heavy dough will rise. 
 Optional (not a traditional method): brush on glaze made with 1  egg  that's been mixed with 1 tablespoon of  apple cider ; sprinkle with  rye flakes  (obtainable from a food co-op). 
 Bake for 15 minutes at 400°F; then turn heat down to 350°F; and continue to bake for an additional hour. Don't underbake. 
 Remove loaves from pans and allow to cool on a rack. 
 
 
 
Categories: Latvian Vegetarian, Rye bread Recipes, Sourdough bread Recipes, Bread flour Recipes, Caraway seed Recipes, Cider Recipes, Egg Recipes, Rye flakes Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category