Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Trinidad_Black_Cake

Description : 
 Fruit cake.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb  raisins 
 1 lb  currants 
 1 lb  prunes 
 1 lb  maraschino cherries 
 ¼ lb  almonds , chopped 
 rum  - at least 1 bottle 
 1 dozen  eggs 
 1 lb  sugar  (granulated) 
 ¼ lb mixed peel 
 2 x 5 ml  vanilla extract 
 1 lb  flour 
 1 lb  butter 
 4 x 5 g  baking powder 
 Caramel colouring : 
 ¼ lb  brown sugar 
 1" stick  cinnamon 
 ½ cup boiling  water 
 3 cloves 
 Frosting : 
 3  egg whites 
 ½ cup  water 
 1 lb  granulated sugar 
 ½ x 5 g,  cream of tartar 
 Directions : 
 The day before cake is to be made, mince  currants ,  raisins , pitted  prunes , add finely cut mixed peel and the chopped  maraschino cherries . 
 Pour the  rum  over this mixture, then soak the mixture for at least 24 hours, stirring occasionally. 
 Caramel colouring : 
 Put  brown sugar  in a heavy bottomed pan over heat and, while stirring, let the  sugar  liquefy. 
 Cook until syrup is dark golden brown, do not let the syrup burn. 
 Take pan off the heat and add ¼ cup boiling  water , stirring briskly. 
 Return to heat until  sugar  and  water  blends easily. 
 Take off and cool. 
 Bottle and store until ready for use. 
 On the day : 
 On the day the cake is to be made, grease and line buttered baking tins with buttered greaseproof paper or  butter  pudding moulds. 
 Sift dry ingredients together four times, break  eggs  and put into earthenware mixing bowl. Nb: accurate measurements are essential. 
 Gradually cream the  butter , and  sugar  and continue creaming until  sugar   grains  are dissolved and mixture is light and fluffy. 
 Stir in soaked fruit, the finely chopped  nuts , the caramel colouring, and blend evenly. 
 Add a small amount at a time to the creamed  butter  and  sugar  and repeat, beating well after each addition, until all has been used up. 
 Set aside. 
 Whip  eggs  until thick, and fold into fruit mixture. 
 Add sifted dry ingredients, a small amount at a time, repeat until all has been used up and stir only until well blended. 
 Do not over- mix. 
 Pile lightly into prepared tins and bake in a very slow oven, 200°F. 
 For 1 hour, reduce to 175°F. 
 And continue baking until cake shrinks from sides of pan. 
 To test, insert a skewer in centre of cake. 
 Leave in tins to cool, for 24 hours. 
 Cakes may be wrapped in  rum  soaked cloth and stored to ripen. 
 Frosting : 
 Put  sugar  and  water  which has been stirred together to cook, stirring only until  sugar  grains are dissolved. 
 Add  cream of tartar , cook until syrup spins a thread; when syrup shows signs of getting heavy, start beating  egg  whites which must be beaten until stiff and can stand in peaks, pour hot syrup in a continuous stream over beaten  egg  whites and beat until thick mixture loses its sheen. 
 Ice the cake if desired, and decorate to suit occasion. 
 
 
 
Categories: Trinidadian Desserts, Cake Recipes, Egg Recipes, Maraschino cherry Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Currant Recipes, Almond Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Prune Recipes, Rum Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category