Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fried_Chicken_(Like_KFC)

Infredients : 
 2  eggs , beaten 
 1 1/2 cups  milk 
 1 cup  flour 
 3/4 cup fine  breadcrumbs 
 1 tsp. Knorr  chicken bouillon 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp.  garlic powder  (not salt) 
 1/4 tsp.  onion powder  (not salt) 
 1/2 tsp.  paprika 
 1/3 tsp. Bell Seasoning 
 1 tbsp. freshly chopped  parsley 
 2 large cloves  garlic , minced 
 1/2 tsp.  soy sauce 
 2 tsp.  black pepper 
 1 tbsp.  Wondra flour 
 1/2 tsp.  Monosodium glutamate  (optional) 
 additional flour for separate pre-coating 
 5-6 cups Crisco cooking oil 
 1 frying  chicken , cut in pieces 
 Directions : 
 Pour the oil into a deep fryer or deep pan suitable for frying, and then heat over medium heat to about 360 degrees. 
 In a small bowl beat the egg, milk, and soy sauce 
 Stir in 1/2 tsp. Knorr chicken bouillon (save the other 1/2). 
 Put the garlic cloves through a garlic press and add into the egg mixture. 
 Add half of the parsley and 1 tbsp. Wondra flour. 
 Stir well. 
 In a separate bowl, combine the 1 cup flour and the breadcrumbs, with the remaining ingredients. 
 Mix well with a fork. 
 Put about 1/2 cup additional flour in a separate small bowl. 
 Roll each piece of chicken around until well covered, first in plain flour, then in milk mixture, then in flour/bread crumbs mixture. 
 Gently lower the chicken pieces into the hot oil and allow to become a golden color (add the bigger pieces first). 
 
 
 Notes for using a Pressure Fryer : 
 Safety Warning : A special pressure fryer is the only type of pressure cooker that you can fry in safely. Read your manufacturer's instructions before frying in a pressure
cooker. If you don't have your instruction manual, then prepare this chicken in a deep fryer instead.
 
 If you are using a pressure fryer, place the lid on and lock it when the chicken is a very light golden color, usually about 3 minutes. 
 Begin timing when the lid is locked and the gauge indicates a pressure of 5-6 pounds. 
 Bring temperature up immediately and watch carefully (don't walk away!). 
 Remove from heat after about 7 minutes and reduce pressure following manufacturer's directions. 
 Remove the chicken pieces and place on layers of paper towels. 
 Return the pan to the stove and bring temperature back up and continue until all chicken pieces are fried. 
 If your chicken was too brown, cook the next batch for a minute or so less, and vice versa if your chicken wasn't browned enough. 
 Do not overload the cooker with too many pieces, as it brings the temperature down too quickly and will cause the pieces to absorb more of the cooking oil than it otherwise would. 
 Notes for using a Deep Fryer : 
 To flavor the oil in this method, you can thickly slice a few large onions and add to the oil before the chicken - skim these out when they are browned, before adding the chicken. It will add an additional layer of flavor to the oil 
 Fry the chicken at 360-375 degrees, placing the larger pieces in when the temperature is slightly lower (temperature will drop when pieces are added). 
 Put the smaller pieces in when the temperature is higher, and they will be cooked more quickly. 
 Remove when chicken is golden brown and drain on paper towels. 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Fried Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Instant flour Recipes, Add category