Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fresh_Pea_Soup_with_Lemon_Cr%C3%A8me_Fra%C3%AEche

This recipe came from an estate sale. I obtained it when I purchased the family collection from the Leake Estate in Arlington, Texas in 1982.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 4½ pounds fresh garden  peas 
 1 tablespoon  unsalted butter 
 10  green onions  thinly sliced 
 2½ cups  chicken stock 
 2 cups  water 
 ½ cup  heavy cream 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 Lemon crème fraîche : 
 ½ cup  crème fraîche 
 1 tablespoon  milk 
 ½ teaspoon grated  lemon zest 
 1½ teaspoons fresh  lemon juice 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Shell the  peas  reserving 8 of the pods. 
 Set the  peas  and pods aside. 
 Have ready a large bowl of ice water in which a soup pot can be nested. 
 In the soup pot over medium heat melt the  butter  then add  green onions  and cook stirring occasionally until soft about 5minutes. 
 Increase heat to medium-high and add the  peas , the reserved pods,  chicken stock  and  water  then bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until  peas  and pods are tender about 5 minutes then remove from heat and nest pot in bowl of ice water. 
 Stir occasionally until cool about 20 minutes. 
 Using a blender and working in batches purée the cooled pea mixture on high speed until smooth about 3 minutes per batch. 
 Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean saucepan then stir in the cream and season to taste with salt and  pepper . 
 Lemon crème fraîche : 
 In a bowl whisk together crème fraîche and enough of the  milk  to make a barely fluid mixture. 
 Add the zest and  lemon juice  and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 To serve place soup over medium heat and reheat to serving temperature. 
 Ladle into warmed bowls and drizzle with  lemon  crème fraîche dividing evenly. 
 Garnish with  lemon  zest and  chive  blossoms, if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Crème fraîche Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Pea Recipes, Soup Recipes, Add category