Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cumin-spiced_Red_Lentil_Burgers

Description : 
 The good news the  red lentils  in these spicy, Indian-inspired vegetarian burgers don't need to be soaked and cook super quickly. What's more, they are rich in b vitamins, fiber and folate, which help fight heart disease and birth defects.
 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 Source:  Food & Wine 
 Total Time: 1 Hr 
 Serves: 4 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ cups  red lentils 
 ¼ cup + 2 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil 
 1 small  onion , finely chopped 
 3 medium  carrots , finely chopped 
 3  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1½ teaspoons ground  cumin 
 ¼ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 ¾ cup plain, dry  bread crumbs 
 ¼ cup coarsely chopped  parsley  leaves 
 2 large  eggs , lightly beaten 
 1 tablespoon  kosher salt 
 ½ teaspoon freshly ground  pepper 
 1 cup plain low-fat  yogurt 
 1 teaspoon fresh  lemon juice 
 Directions : 
 In a large saucepan, cover the  lentils  with cold  water  by 2 inches and bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce the heat to moderate and simmer the  lentils  until they are very tender, about 10 minutes. 
 Drain the  lentils  well. 
 Preheat the broiler. 
 In a medium skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the  olive oil . 
 Add the  onion  and cook over moderately high heat, stirring frequently, until golden, about 6 minutes. 
 Add the carrots and two-thirds of the  garlic  and cook until the  carrots  begin to soften, about 4 minutes. 
 Stir in the  cumin  and  cayenne  and remove from the heat. 
 Mix in the  bread  crumbs, 3 tablespoons of the  parsley , the eggs,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Form the mixture into sixteen ¼-cup burgers. 
 Line a baking sheet with foil. 
 Brush the foil and both sides of the burgers with the remaining ¼ cup of  olive oil . 
 Broil until golden,about 3 minutes per side. 
 Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix the yogurt with the  lemon juice  and the remaining  garlic  and 1 tablespoon of parsley. 
 Serve the burgers hot, with the  yogurt  sauce on the side. 
 Make Ahead : 
 The  lentil  burgers can be prepared through step 10 and refrigerated overnight.
 
 Nutritional information : 
 One serving:
 
 621 calories | 27 gm total fat | 4.3 gm saturated fat | 71 gm carb | 11 gm fiber 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Indian Vegetarian, Burger Recipes, Red lentil Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Onion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Egg Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Add category