Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Galinha_Cafreal_%C3%A0_Zambeziana

Description : 
 Broiled marinated chicken with coconut-milk sauce
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup strained fresh  lemon juice 
 2 teaspoons finely chopped  garlic 
 1 teaspoon finely crumbled  dried hot red chillies 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 2 x 2- to 2½-pound  chickens , each split into halves and the small protruding breastbones flattened with the side of a cleaver 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1½ cup fresh  coconut milk  made from 1½ cups coarsely chopped  coconut  and 1½ cups hot  water 
 Directions : 
 Combine the  lemon juice ,  garlic , chilies and  salt  in a large, shallow glass or enameled baking dish. 
 Add the chickens and spoon the  lemon  mixture evenly over them. 
 Marinate at room temperature for about 2 hours or in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours, basting and turning the chickens over from time to time. 
 Preheat the broiler to its highest setting. 
 Pat the pieces of  chicken  dry with paper towels and arrange them skin side down on the rack of the broiling pan. 
 Combine the  oil  with ½ cup of the  coconut milk  and brush about 2 tablespoons of the mixture evenly over the chickens. 
 Broil 4 inches from the heat for 5 minutes, baste with another 2 tablespoons of the  oil  mixture, and broil 8 to 10 minutes longer. 
 With tongs, turn the chickens over, then baste them again and broil for about 10 minutes, basting them once or twice. 
 To test for doneness, pierce the thigh with the point of a sharp knife. 
 The juice that trickles out should be clear yellow; if it is still slightly pink, broil the chickens for another 2 or 3 minutes. 
 Transfer the chickens to a heated serving platter and drape loosely with foil to keep them warm. 
 Pour the juices from the bottom of the broiling pan into a small skillet. 
 Add any remaining basting liquid and the reserved cup of  coconut milk . 
 Stirring constantly, cook over low heat for 4 or 5 minutes, until the sauce is thoroughly heated. 
 Do not let the  coconut milk  come to a boil or it may curdle. 
 Taste for seasoning. 
 Pour the sauce into a sauce boat and serve it separately with the  chicken . 
 
 
 
Categories: Mozambican Meat Dishes, Coconut milk Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category