Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Begun_Pora

Description : 
 Ethnicity - Bengali, East Indian 
 Type of meal - Party, Lunch, Dinner 
 Ingredients : 
 1 medium  Eggplant  (about 1 lb) 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1/4 teaspoon  kalonji  seeds (also called  jeera , tastes like  Onion ) 
 1 to 2 whole green chilies 
 1 cup  Onion , finely chopped (about 1 medium  Onion ) 
 1 tablespoon  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon  ginger , minced 
 1 teaspoon seeded, minced fresh  green chile 
 1/4 teaspoon  turmeric 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 1/2 teaspoon  Sugar 
 1/2 cup  tomatoes , coarsely chopped 
 Chopped  cilantro 
 Chopped  green onions 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Smoke or roast the  Eggplant : Hold the  Eggplant  over a low open gas flame. 
 Rotate the  Eggplant  90 degrees every few minutes or so. The skin will gradually darken, the  Eggplant  will start to  sag , and you will notice a pleasant smoky smell. 
 After about 20 minutes or half an hour, when the skin is completely charred, remove the  Eggplant  from the flame. 
 This step can be done by broiling or roasting the  Eggplant  in the oven, but you will not get the same smoky flavour which makes this dish so good. 
 Allow the  Eggplant  to cool, then discard all of the skin, chop the flesh then mash with a fork. 
 Heat  oil  in a skillet over medium low heat. Fry  kalonji  seeds and whole green chilies for a few seconds, then add  Onion  and fry until it is richly browned but not burnt. 
 Add chopped  green chile ,  turmeric ,  salt ,  Sugar  and  tomatoes . Simmer, covered, until  tomatoes  disintegrate into sauce, about 10 minutes. 
 Add the  Eggplant  and simmer, covered, at least 10 minutes to blend flavours, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. Remove from heat. Let stand 15 minutes to help develop flavours. 
 Add  cilantro  &  green onions . Mix and serve. 
 Like most Indian dishes, this is one that improves drastically with age. 
 I usually make it the day before the meal & then reheat just before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indian Recipes, Bengali Recipes, Bengali Vegetarian, Nigella Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Turmeric Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Callaloo Recipes, Add category