Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Kadoo_Bichak

Description : 
 Baked  pumpkin  and  onion  dumplings
 
 Makes 20 dumplings 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 1 package (7 grams)  dry yeast  or 2 oz.  fresh yeast 
 1 cup warm  water 
 4 cups  flour 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1  egg yolk  mixed with 1 tbsp  water  ( egg  glaze) 
 Stuffing : 
 2 pounds  pumpkin  or  calabasa , cut into ½-inch cubes. 
 1 pound  onions , chopped 
 ½ tsp hot  red chili flakes 
 Directions : 
 Dissolve the  yeast  in ½ cup warm  water  and let it proof for 10 minutes. 
 Put the  flour  into a large bowl. 
 Mix in the  salt  and  yeast  mixture and gradually add ½ cup  water , or enough to prepare a soft moist dough. 
 Knead the dough for 5 minutes, sprinkling with  flour  if necessary to ease handling. 
 Return the dough to the bowl, cover with a kitchen towel and let it rise for 1 hour. 
 Punch down the dough, which is now ready to prepare the dumplings. 
 Mix the  pumpkin  and the  onions  together in a pan. 
 Cover and cook over low heat for ½ hour or more to reduce the bulk and soften the vegetables. 
 Considerable liquid may accumulate. 
 Uncover the pan and cook for 10 minutes more. 
 Drain the mixture through a metal sieve to pour off all the liquid. 
 Turn out into a bowl and stir in the  chile flakes . Cool. 
 Roll out the dough into a long  sausage  shape about 3 inches in diameter. 
 Pull off ⅓ cup dough, about 2 ounces, and roll this out into a pancake about 4 inches in diameter and ¼ inch thick. 
 Put 1 generous tablespoon of the stuffing into the center and fold over the top toward the center. 
 Then fold the left and right sides over toward the center to shape a closed triangle. 
 Pinch the folds together to seal. 
 Paint the top of the dumpling with  egg  glaze and put on an oiled baking sheet. 
 Bake in a 325°F oven for 20 minutes to brown the top. 
 Serve warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Uzbek Vegetarian, Dumpling Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Fresh yeast Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Onion Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category