Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon-Hazelnut_Torte


 
 Ingredients : 
 Meringue : 
 1 x 8" spring-form pan, 3" tall 
 1 cup  sugar , plus 
 6 large  egg whites 
 ⅓ cup  hazelnuts , toasted 
 4 tbsp  sugar 
 Lemon cream : 
 1 cup fresh  lemon juice 
 3 large  eggs 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 9 large  egg  yolks 
 1 cup  sugar 
 1 cup  whipping cream , chilled 
 Raspberry sauce : 
 1 pint fresh  raspberries 
 ½ tsp fresh  lemon juice 
 2 tbsp  sugar 
 Garnish : 
 ½ pint fresh  raspberries 
 Directions : 
 Meringue : 
 Preheat oven to 200 °F. 
 Line two 17 x 11" cookie sheets with parchment. 
 Using spring-form pan bottom as guide, trace 2 circles on each parchment sheet. 
 Invert parchment. 
 Finely grind  nuts  and 1 tsp  sugar  in processor. 
 Beat whites in large bowl to soft peaks, gradually add 1 cup plus 3 tsp  sugar  and beat until still and glossy. 
 Gently fold in nut mixture. 
 Spoon meringue into large pastry bag fitted with ½" plain round tip. 
 Pipe dab of meringue under parchment at corners to secure fit to cookie sheets. 
 Starting at the center of 1 circle, pipe meringue in a circular motion to form a solid coil and fill circle. 
 Repeat with remaining 3 circles. 
 Bake meringues until dry, about 2 ½ hours. 
 Carefully peel parchment from meringues. 
 Gently place spring-form pan bottom atop 1 meringue to 8" rounds disk. 
 Using serrated knife, cut round pan, trimming meringue to 8" round. 
 Repeat with remaining rounds. 
 Lemon cream : 
 Whisk  lemon juice , yolks,  eggs  and 1 cup of  sugar  in large metal bowl. 
 Set bowl over saucepan of simmering  water . 
 Whisk constantly until mixture thickens to consistency of softly  whipped cream  mad registers 160 °F on a candy thermometer, about 13 minutes. 
 Strain  lemon  curd through sieve. 
 Press plastic wrap onto surface; chill until cold. 
 Beat  cream  in medium bowl to soft peaks. 
 Add 1 t  sugar  and beat until stiff. 
 Fold  cream  into  lemon  curd. 
 Construction : 
 Place 1 meringue in bottom of the spring-form pan, trimming the edges with knife to fit into pan. 
 Spoon 1¼ cups  lemon   cream  over. 
 Place 2nd meringue in pan, trimming if needed. 
 Gently press down until meringue touches  cream . 
 Spoon 1¼ cups  lemon   cream  over. 
 Top with 3rd meringue and repeat process. (reserve any leftover  lemon   cream  for another use). 
 Freeze torte overnight. 
 Can be made 2 days ahead. 
 Wrap and keep frozen. 
 Raspberry sauce : 
 Purée  raspberries  in processor. 
 Strain into a bowl, pressing on seeds with back of spoon. 
 Mix in  sugar  and  lemon juice . 
 Refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour. 
 Serving: wrap hot wet towel around pan sides. 
 Release. 
 Transfer to a platter; run icing spatula around sides to smooth out. 
 Arrange  raspberries  atop torte. 
 Serve with sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Hazelnut Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Passover Desserts, Raspberry Recipes, Torte Recipes, Add category