Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tabouleh

Description : 
 
 Tabouleh  in the middle east has much more  Parsley  than  bulgur  wheat, unlike versions in the west. I make it without the optional olive  oil  and  garlic , but they are usually used. You can add more or less ingredients to suit your taste. Takes only 30 minutes to prepare and serves 8 people. Parsley in excess can make the dish quite pungent and unpleasant. You should be able to see the bulgur wheat and all of the ingredients without smothering them with parsley.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 cups finely minced  parsley  leaves, no stems, (1 medium bunch) 
 1½ cups diced  tomatoes  (2 medium tomatoes) 
 ¼ of  red onion , finely minced. 
 1½ cups  bulgur  cracked wheat, soaked and drained. 
 1 medium  cucumber  diced in small cubes 
 1 small  green chile , ( serrano  or  jalapeno ), seeds removed and finely minced (optional) 
 ½ cup fresh  lemon juice 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil  (optional) 
 ½ clove  garlic , finely minced (optional) 
 1½ teaspoons  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  pepper 
 1 head of  romaine lettuce , leaves separated, washed and trimmed 1" at both ends. 
 Directions : 
 Parsley , green chile and  onions  must be finely minced. 
 Combine the  parsley ,  tomatoes ,  onions  , cucumber and green chile. 
 Soak the  bulgur  cracked wheat in water for about two hours, drain and remove as much water as possible, and. 
 Add to the  parsley  mixture. 
 Combine the  lemon  juice, olive  oil ,  garlic ,  salt  and  pepper ; mix well. 
 Add the  lemon  mixture to the salad, mix and refrigerate till serving. 
 Place romaine lettuce leaves open face up on a platter, spoon 2 or 3 tablespoons of wheat mixture on each leaf. 
 And eat by holding the entire lettuce leaf by the small end, making a boat with the lettuce leaf to hold the wheat mixture in the middle. 
 Tabouleh should be eaten within two days. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/00/Tab.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004352']
Categories: Lebanese Salads, Bulgur Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Romaine lettuce Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category