Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Basic_Lavash


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pkg.  yeast 
 2 cups Warm  water 
 2 tbl.  Sugar 
 5 1/2 cups All purpose  flour 
 2 tsp.  salt 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Lightly  oil  a bowl for the dough. Mix the  yeast ,  water  and  Sugar  in a large mixing bowl. 
 Add the  flour  and  salt  and mix until it forms a well-blended but somewhat soft dough. 
 Knead the dough by hand or machine. If by hand, turn it out on a floured board and work it until it is smooth and elastic, approximately 10 minutes. 
 If using a dough hook on an electric mixer, knead the dough at the slowest speed for about 5 minutes. 
 Pat the dough into a ball and put it in the oiled bowl. 
 Cover the dough with a kitchen towel and set it in a warm, draft-free place to rise until the dough has doubled in bulk, about 30 to 40 minutes. 
 When the dough has doubled, turn it out on a floured board, punch it down, and knead it again until there is no air left in it. #Divide the dough into 8 round mounds, place them on the board, cover again with a towel, and let rise until almost doubled, about 30-minutes. 
 While the dough is rising, preheat the oven to 450 F. 
 Position a rack as close as possible to the oven bottom.  flour  a 12x15-in baking sheet. 
 When the 8 mounds of dough have risen, roll them out, one piece at a time into rectangles about 12x15 inches and about as thin as for a pizza. 
 Puncture the entire surface at 1/2-inch intervals with the tines of a roasting fork. 
 Bake the breads, one at a time, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until the tops are lightly browned. 
 Remove each finished bread to a wire rack to cool and continue baking the remaining breads until all 8 are finished. 
 During the baking, if any large bubbles start to puff up, puncture them immediately with a fork. 
 The bread in the Middle East is traditionally a type of cracker bread called Lavash (Lawasha in Assyrian). 
 This flat leavened bread is available in grocery stores and specialty markets and can be eaten as a cracker in the dry, crisp form in which it comes. 
 However to serve along with a meal, it is preferable to dampen it so that it becomes more bread like. 
 Moisten the lavash, one cracker at a time, under cold running  water , making sure that both sides are completely wet; place in a plastic bag for 3 hours, at the end of which time the bread will be pliable and chewy. 
 Lavash prepared in this fashion is also used for Aram sandwiches. 
 In the old country, a lavash bread would bake in a clay bottomed oven in 2 to 3 minutes. 
 You can get much the same result baking on a ceramic baking tile or directly on the floor of a gas oven 
 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category