Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tangy_Paneer_Pakodas


 
 Description : 
 Cottage cheese fritters
 
 Ingredients : 
 500 grams of  paneer 
 ½ cup  Mint-Coriander Chutney 
 1 cup  gram flour 
 salt , to taste 
 1 tsp  chaat masala 
 water , as needed 
 oil  for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 Add the  gram flour ,  salt  and  chaat masala  into a large bowl, and add  water  to make a fine batter. 
 Cut paneer into cubes. Put some mint-coriander chutney on one side of a piece of paneer, and top with another piece to form a sandwich. 
 Continue to make paneer sandwiches with the remaining pieces. Dip each paneer sandwich into the batter and deep-fry till they turn brown and crispy. 
 Sprinkle with  chaat masala  and serve hot with  tamarind  chutney or  ketchup . 
 Spicy Notes : 
 Chaat masala  is tangy spice that is usually sprinkled on top of savoury dishes as well as fruits to give it a burst of flavour. It can be easily found in speciality Indian stores. You may omit it from this recipe if unavailable.
 
 Recipe by Hooked on Heat : 
 The blog created by Meenakshi Agarwal is filled with, as the blogger says, lots of spice and everything nice. The pleasant design of the blog is matched by a huge variety of unique content – something you can rarely say about websites or blogs today – facts which make Hooked on Heat a valuable resource for anyone interested in Indian food. 
 Here you will find information on hundreds of Indian dishes, starting from Dips, Sauces and Chutneys, going through Soups and Salads and passing through Delectable Desserts and other food categories that will make your mouth  water . You can reach this wealth of information at the following URL:  hookedonheat.blogspot.com 
 
       Hooked on Heat Blog     
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a7/Hookedonheat.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/500?cb=20080516004853']
Categories: Chaat masala Recipes, Chickpea flour Recipes, Indian Snacks, Ketchup Recipes, Mint Recipes, Paneer Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tamarind Recipes, Add category