Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Caramel_Pecan_Pie

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 Tbs. kudzu 
 2/3 cup  sucanat 
 1 tsp.  pure vanilla extract 
 1 tsp. grated  lemon peel 
 1 1/2 cups plus 1/4 cup  coconut milk 
 Crust 
 2/3 cup whole- Wheat   pastry flour 
 2/3 cup unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 tsp. ground  cinnamon 
 1/4 tsp.  salt 
 1/4 cup  vegetable oil 
 1/4 cup pure  maple syrup 
 1 cup coarsely chopped  pecans , plus 1 cup  pecan  halves 
 1/2 cup  water 
 1 Tbs.  agar  flakes 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 350ûF. Brush 8-inch pie plate with  oil .
 
 2. Make crust: In medium bowl, sift together flours,  cinnamon  and  salt . In small bowl, whisk  oil  and syrup. With rubber spatula or wooden spoon, fold liquid into  flour  mixture just until blended (don’t over mix). Roll dough into ball and cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate 40 minutes.
 
 3. Place dough between two sheets of parchment paper; sprinkle with  flour  as needed. Roll into 10-inch circle. Remove top sheet of parchment; place your hand under bottom sheet and flip dough into pie plate. Pierce bottom of crust with fork to form several steam holes. Bake 15 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on wire rack.
 
 4. Spread 1 cup chopped  pecans  on one half of baking sheet and 1 cup  pecan  halves on other half; keep separate. Bake until lightly toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside.
 
 5. In medium saucepan, bring 1/2 cup  water  and  agar  to a simmer over medium heat. Tilt pan toward you and whisk vigorously until  agar  dissolves, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 cups  coconut milk . Dissolve kudzu in remaining 1/4 cup  coconut milk . Add to  agar  mixture; stir well. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until somewhat thickened.
 
 6. In small saucepan, dissolve  sucanat  in 1/4 cup  water . Place over medium heat and bring to a boil. When the syrup bubbles, lift pan and swirl it. Cook, lifting and swirling, 8 minutes. Whisk caramelized  sucanat  into  coconut milk  mixture. Add chopped  pecans ,  vanilla  and  lemon peel ; stir well. Remove from heat and cool 20 minutes.
 
 7. Pour filling into crust; top with  pecan  halves. Chill for several hours, or until set. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Coconut milk Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Pastry flour Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Sucanat Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Wheat Recipes, Add category