Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Tamales_with_all_the_Extras


 
 Ingredients : 
 30  corn husks   or  20 pieces of aluminum foil cut into 10-inch squares 
 Dough : 
 4 cups (1 pound)  flour 
 2 cups skim  milk 
 1½ cups low-sodium  chicken broth  (remove fat) 
 ½ cup mashed  potatoes 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 1 tablespoon  lemon juice 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 Filling : 
 ¼ cup  lemon juice 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ½ pound boneless, skinless  chicken  breasts cut into 20 strips, ½-inch by 2 inches 
 Garnishes : 
 2 medium  potatoes , peeled, and thinly sliced (20 slices) 
 40  raisins 
 2  tomatoes , thinly sliced (20 slices) 
 1  onion , thinly sliced 
 ½  red bell pepper , thinly sliced (20 slices) 
 2 fresh  green chilies , thinly sliced (20 slices) 
 20 fresh  mint  sprigs 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 I in a large saucepan, stir the dough ingredients with a wooden spoon. 
 Cook the dough over medium-low heat for 20 to 25 minutes, until firm but still moist. 
 Cool to room temperature and wrap in plastic until needed. 
 The dough may be made one day in advance and refrigerated. 
 Filling : 
 In a medium mixing bowl, stir together the  lemon juice ,  salt , and  garlic . 
 Stir in the  chicken . 
 Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. 
 Assembly and cooking : 
 If you are using packaged  corn  husks, separate them, put in large bowl, cover with  water  and set aside for several hours or overnight. 
 Divide the dough into 20 pieces. 
 Form each piece into a cylinder about 3 inches long and place it in the center of a husk or foil. 
 Press into the dough a piece of  chicken , 2  raisins , and a slice of  potato . 
 On top of the dough place a slice of  tomato , some  onion  slices, and slice each of  chile  and  pepper . 
 Top with a sprig of  mint . 
 Fold the ends of each foil or husk wrapper over the filling and garnishes, and then fold the sides of the wrapper tightly. 
 To tie them into waterproof packages, use thin strips torn from several husks or use 5-inch pieces of string. 
 If you are using foil instead of husks, tying is not necessary. 
 Fill the bottom half of a large steamer with  water . 
 Stand all the tamales upright in the top of the steamer and cover them with  corn  husks. 
 Cover the pot tightly, bring the  water  to a boil, adjust heat to maintain a simmer, and let the tamales cook for about 1½ hours. 
 To check for doneness, open a tamale; the dough should come away solidly from the husk or foil. 
 As the tamales cook, check the  water  level occasionally and replenish if necessary. 
 Unwrap and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Potato Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red bell pepper Recipes, Add category