Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Butterscotch_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   For the cake: 
 1.2   For the icing: 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Make the cake: 
 2.2   Make the icing: 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the cake: : 
 2 1/4 cups (286 grams) all-purpose flour 
 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 
 1/2 teaspoon fine salt 
 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon 
 2 sticks (227 grams) unsalted butter, at room temperature 
 1 1/2 cups (300 grams) packed light brown sugar 
 1/2 cup (100 grams) granulated sugar 
 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 
 3 large eggs, at room temperature 
 1 cup (227 grams) sour cream 
 For the icing: : 
 4 tablespoons (57 grams) unsalted butter 
 1/2 cup (100 grams) packed light brown sugar 
 1/4 cup heavy cream 
 1/4 cup (30 grams) powdered sugar, sifted 
 1/8 teaspoon fine salt 
 Directions : 
 Make the cake: : 
 Preheat the oven to 325°F. Thoroughly grease a ten-inch bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray or melted shortening. To ensure the cake won’t stick, use a pastry brush to spread the grease into all the nooks and crannies. 
 In a medium bowl whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. 
 In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugars on medium high speed until very light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the vanilla then the eggs, one at a time, until well combined. Add the sour cream and flour mixture in alternating additions, beating between each addition, until just combined. 
 Pour batter into prepared pan and tap against the counter to release any air bubbles. Bake until golden brown, with a cake tester coming out clean, about 50 minutes to 1 hour. Flip the cake in the pan onto a wire rack and allow to cool for about 30 minutes before removing from the pan entirely. 
 Make the icing: : 
 In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sugar and cream and whisk to combine. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes, whisking occasionally. Remove from heat and stir in the sifted powdered sugar. Drizzle over the cake immediately. Let stand for 20 minutes, or until the icing is set, before serving. Store the cake covered at room temperature for up to 2 days. 
 
 
 
Categories: Butterscotch Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Cinnamon Recipes, Butter Recipes, Light brown sugar Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Egg Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Powdered Sugar Recipes, Add category