Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Game_Pie

Description : 
 
 For this recipe choose older birds or woodpigeons, rather than young roasting game. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2-4  Game birds  - according to size ( pheasant ,  grouse ,  partridge ,  woodpigeon ) 
 1  bouquet garni 
 stock  or  water 
 1 large  onion , chopped, 
 250 g (9 oz)  mushrooms , sliced 
 60 g (2 oz)  butter 
 1 rounded tablespoon  plain flour 
 6 – 8 rashers  bacon  (optional), 
 3 – 4 Hard-boiled  eggs , quartered 
 salt 
 pepper 
 parsley 
 Puff or shortcrust pastry 
 Beaten  egg  for glazing 
 Directions : 
 Put the birds into a pan with the  bouquet garni  and cover with stock or  water  plus  salt  and  pepper . 
 Simmer, covered, until the meat begins to part from the bone, and can be cut away from the carcass in good-sized pieces. Arrange them in a pie dish. 
 Brown the  onion  and  mushrooms  lightly in the  butter  - they should be golden rather than deep brown. Stir in the  flour , and enough stock to make a rich, fairly thick but not gluey sauce. 
 Simmer while you cut the rashers into convenient-sized pieces for small rolls: these should be lightly grilled, then arranged round the meat, along with the pieces of hard-boiled  egg . 
 Season with  salt ,  pepper  and chopped  parsley . Pour over the  onion  and  mushroom  sauce which should come to within half an inch of the top of the pie dish. 
 Cover with puff or shortcrust pastry in the usual way ( puff pastry  is traditionally used, but many people prefer a good shortcrust with meat). 
 Brush over with beaten  egg  and bake for 30 minutes at 220°C / 425°F / Gas mark 7. 
 The heat may be lowered once the pastry has risen well (puff) and is nicely browned (puff and shortcrust). 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/67/Gamepie.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004241']
Categories: Bacon Recipes, English Meat Dishes, Game bird Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Puff pastry Recipes, Savory pie Recipes, Add category