Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Turkey_Meatball_Grinders

Ingredients : 
 Tomato sauce : 
 3 tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil 
 1 medium  onion , chopped 
 1 each  red  and  green bell pepper , cored seeded, halved and slivered 
 2 clove  garlic , peeled and slightly bruised 
 2 can (28 oz each) Italian  plum tomatoes , drained and chopped, juice reserved 
 2 tbsp  tomato paste 
 2 tsp dried  oregano 
 pinch  sugar 
 salt  and  black pepper  to taste 
 ¼ cup chopped  flat-leaf parsley 
 Turkey meatballs : 
 2 lbs  ground turkey 
 1 med  onion , grated 
 1 tbsp minced  garlic 
 1 tsp dried  basil 
 1 tsp dried  oregano 
 1 tsp  fennel seeds 
 salt  and coarsely ground  black pepper  to taste 
 1  egg yolk , lightly beaten or use 1  egg white  or 2 tbsp of  egg substitute 
 2 tbsp  olive oil , for frying  [1] 
 3  Italian breads , about 15-in long and 3-in wide  [2] 
 Directions : 
 Tomato sauce : 
 Heat  olive oil  in a large heavy pot over medium-low heat. 
 Add  onion ,  bell peppers  and  garlic ; cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Add  tomatoes  along with 1 cup of reserved juices,  tomato  paste,  oregano ,  sugar ,  salt  and  black pepper . 
 Cook for 25 minutes. 
 Mash the  garlic  in the pot and adjust the seasonings. 
 Stir in the  parsley  and set the sauce aside. 
 Turkey meatballs : 
 Mix all the ingredients, except  oil , together in a bowl. 
 Form the mixture into 24 meatballs, each about 1 ½ inches in diameter. 
 (See  note 1  below) heat 2 tablespoons  oil  in a 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat and cook the meatballs in batches, shaking the pan occasionally, for about 10 to 12 minutes or until browned and cooked through. 
 Add more  oil  if necessary. 
 Remove the meatballs to paper towels to drain. 
 Place the  tomato  sauce over medium heat to warm through. 
 Add the meatballs and cook for 10 to 12 minutes. 
 To serve, spoon about ¼ cup of the sauce into each piece of bread or roll, coating the interior well. 
 Insert 3 meatballs into each and serve immediately. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Rather than frying the meatballs, bake them at 350°F for 35 to 45 minutes on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil and sprayed with a nonstick vegetable spray. Cut to test for doneness. This will further reduce the fat content. 
 
 ↑   (Trish) cut each of the breads in 3 pieces, with centers hollowed out; or use 8 french rolls, each about 5 inches long and 3 inches wide. 
 
 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (3 meatballs, without  egg ) : calories - 668, fat - 18 gms. (about 24% of calories from fat), cholesterol - 90 mg. No diabetic exchanges were listed.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Ground turkey Recipes, Italian bread Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Meatball Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Add category