Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ratatouille_Dip

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Dip may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. 
 Serve dip at room temperature. 
 Makes about 2 cups. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 x 1 – 1¼-pound  eggplant 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil , plus additional oil for coating  eggplant 
 1 medium-large  onion , chopped fine (about 1½ cups) 
 2  garlic  cloves, minced 
 2 medium  red bell peppers , chopped fine (about 1½ cups) 
 1 medium  zucchini , cut into ½-inch dice 
 1 medium  yellow squash , cut into ½-inch dice 
 1½ tablespoons minced fresh  thyme  leaves 
 ½ cup finely chopped seeded  vine-ripened tomato  or drained canned  tomatoes 
 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh  parsley  leaves 
 Accompaniment: Thin slices of  French bread , toasted, or  crackers 
 Directions : 
 Preheat Oven to 400°F. 
 Prick  eggplant  in 3 places and coat lightly with additional  oil . 
 In a shallow baking dish roast  eggplant  in middle of oven, turning once, 1 Hour, or until collapsed and soft, particularly at stem end. 
 Cool  eggplant  slightly and halve lengthwise. 
 Scoop out flesh into a bowl and cool. 
 Discard liquid that accumulates in bowl and in a food processor purée  eggplant  ( eggplant  purée may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring purée to room temperature before proceeding with recipe.) 
 In a large heavy skillet, cook  onion  in 2 tablespoons  oil  over moderate heat, stirring until softened. 
 Add  garlic  and cook, stirring, 1 minute. 
 Add  bell peppers ,  zucchini ,  squash ,  thyme  and  salt  and  pepper  to taste and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Add  tomato  and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. 
 In a bowl, stir together  eggplant  purée, vegetable mixture and  parsley  and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 
 
 
Categories: Dip Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Summer squash Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Vine tomato Recipes, World Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category