Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Savoury_Strudel

Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 2  onions , chopped 
 2  garlic  cloves (or more) — crushed 
 28 oz canned  tomatoes  in juice 
 1 tsp dried  basil 
 3 fl oz  red wine 
 8 oz  button mushrooms  — washed and sliced 
 salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 10 oz  filo  pastry 
 4 oz  butter , melted 
 3½ oz roasted  cashew  nuts — roughly chopped 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  oil  in a fairly large saucepan, add the  onions  and cook them, with the lid on the pan, for about 10 minutes, until they are tender but not browned. 
 Add the  garlic , the  tomatoes  together with their liquid, the  basil  and the wine. 
 Let the mixture simmer gently without a lid on the pan, stirring from time to time, until the liquid has disappeared and it is quite thick - this will take about 20 minutes. 
 Add the  mushrooms  and cook for a further 5 minutes or so, or until the  mushrooms  are tender and any liquid which they make has boiled away. 
 Remove from the heat and season to taste. 
 When the filling mixture has cooled, you can assemble the strudel, which can then be cooked straight away, or kept in the fridge for a few hours until you"re ready, or in the freezer for at least a month. 
 I find it easiest to assemble the studel directly on to a large baking sheet, which means you don't have to lift it later. 
 Set the oven to 200°C / 400°F /gas mark 6 if you have the type of  filo  pastry which is long and narrow — about 30 x 20 cm (12 x 8 inches) — lay two sheets side by side, overlapping them slightly where they join. 
 If you have the type which is quite large — about 30 cm (12 inches) or so square — lay out one sheet. 
 Either way, brush the surface with a little melted  butter  and then sprinkle with a third of the  nuts . 
 Put another layer of  filo  pastry on top, brush with  butter , and scatter with  nuts . 
 Repeat with another layer, then a final layer of  filo  pastry, which you just brush with  butter . 
 Now tip the  tomato  filling mixture on top and spread it to about 2.5 cm (1 inch) of the edges. 
 Fold the edges over, to enclose the edge of the filling then, starting from one of the widest edges, roll the whole thing up like a Swiss roll, trying not to let it break (although it's not the end of the world if it does). 
 Brush with melted  butter  and garnish with some shreds or shapes of  filo  pastry. 
 Put the strudel into the oven and bake for 30 minutes, or until golden brown. 
 Transfer carefully to a serving dish with the aid of two slices. 
 
 
 
Categories: Strudel Recipes, Basil Recipes, Cashew Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category