Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Birthday_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   INGREDIENTS 
 
 1.1   For the cake: 
 1.2   For the vanilla glaze and decorating: 
 
 
 2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 
 INGREDIENTS : 
 For the cake: : 
 Cooking spray 
 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons Dutch-processed unsweetened cocoa powder, divided 
 2 cups all-purpose flour 
 1 1/2 cups packed light brown sugar 
 2 teaspoons baking powder 
 3/4 teaspoon salt 
 3 large eggs 
 2 large egg yolks 
 1 cup canola oil 
 1 cup half-and-half 
 3 1/2 ounces milk chocolate, melted and cooled 
 2 teaspoons vanilla extract 
 1 teaspoon espresso powder 
 For the vanilla glaze and decorating: : 
 1 1/2 cups powdered sugar 
 2 tablespoons half-and-half 
 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract 
 Pinch salt 
 Sprinkles (optional) 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Bake the cake: Arrange a rack in the middle of the oven and heat to 350°F. Generously coat a 12-cup Bundt pan with cooking spray. Dust with the pan 2 tablespoons of the cocoa powder and tap out any excess; set aside. 
 Whisk the remaining 1 cup of cocoa powder, flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Add the eggs, egg yolks, oil, half-and-half, melted chocolate, vanilla, and espresso powder. Mix with an electric hand mixer (alternatively, use a stand mixer with the paddle attachment) on medium speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. 
 Bake until the cake springs back when gently pressed with a finger and a cake tester comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Invert the cake onto the rack and cool completely. 
 Make the glaze: Whisk the powdered sugar, half-and-half, vanilla, and salt together in a small bowl until thick, smooth, and pourable. 
 Pour the glaze over the cake, making sure the glaze drips down the sides and clings to the cake. Decorate with sprinkles if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Birthday Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Light brown sugar Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Canola oil Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Red chile powder Recipes, Powdered Sugar Recipes, Sprinkles, Add category