Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pan-roasted_Wild_Salmon_with_Lemongrass_and_Basil

Description : 
 You can't beat the flavor of wild salmon! This recipe pairs Thai flavors of lemongrass, coconut milk, and fragrant herbs with the rich, full flavors of the salmon. Sear the salmon well-everyone loves those golden crispy bites!
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Serves 6 
 Ingredients : 
 6 wild Alaska  salmon  filets, 6 ounces each 
 salt  and  pepper 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 2 – 3  limes 
 Marinade : 
 3 tablespoons light  sesame oil 
 1½ tablespoons  lemongrass , finely minced 
 1 tablespoon minced  ginger 
 2 – 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 zest of 1  orange , minced 
 1½ teaspoons  curry 
 Sauce : 
 1 tablespoon  white wine 
 ½ cup  fish  or  chicken stock 
 1 x 14-ounce can of  coconut milk 
 1 bunch  Thai basil , leaves picked and gently sliced 
 1 tablespoon  soy sauce 
 salt  and  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Combine marinade ingredients in a blender or food processor and mix well. 
 Coat the salmon well and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. 
 When ready to cook, preheat the oven to 425°F, and heat your largest skillet or sauté pan over a medium-high burner. 
 If all of the salmon will not fit in your largest pan, heat two skillets as it is important not to overcrowd the pan. 
 Season the salmon with salt and pepper, and add the vegetable oil to the skillet. 
 Place the salmon skin-side up in the skillet, and sear the filets for two minutes or until they are a deep golden color. 
 Flip the filets over and place the skillet in the oven. 
 Roast the salmon approximately 10 minutes per inch of thickness of the filet for well done, approximately six minutes per inch for medium well. 
 Remove the salmon from the skillet, and return the skillet to the medium-high burner. 
 Add wine and quickly reduce to nearly dry. 
 Add stock and reduce it by half. 
 Add coconut milk and reduce it by ⅓. 
 Finish with basil and soy sauce. 
 Taste for seasoning, and add salt and pepper if needed. 
 To serve, spoon the sauce over the filets, and cut the limes into wedges for each plate. 
 Accompaniments can be as simple as you wish — we suggest steamed jasmine rice and steamed or roasted asparagus. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (270 g-wt.): 
 
 440 calories (280 from fat) | 31g total fat | 15g saturated fat | 36g protein | 4g total carbohydrate (less than 1g dietary fiber, 0g sugar) | 95mg cholesterol | 420mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Curry Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Lemongrass Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Salmon Recipes, Thai basil Recipes, Add category