Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Autumn_or_Winter_Frittata

Ingredients : 
 2-3 tbs.  olive oil 
 1 tbs.  butter 
 1 medium-sized  onion , peeled and sliced 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 2 large stalks ruby  chard 
 2 medium-sized  potatoes , scrubbed, unpeeled and thinly sliced 
 2 tsp. dried  rosemary 
 ½ tsp. dried  sage 
 2 tsp. minced  garlic 
 8 large  eggs 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 cup diced  gruyère   cheese 
 Directions : 
 Remove and mince  chard  leaves and cut stems in ½-inch-long pieces. 
 Maintain leaves and stems in separate containers, and set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  olive oil  in 10-inch skillet over medium heat. 
 Add  butter , and when melted, toss in  onions . 
 Cook, stirring frequently, over medium heat, about 5 minutes, then reduce heat to low, add ½ teaspoon  salt  and cover skillet. 
 Cook 20 minutes more, or until  onions  are soft. 
 Stir in  potatoes  and herbs. 
 Cover and cook about 10 minutes, stirring intermittently, or until  potato  slices are tender. 
 Add  chard  stems and sauté about 2 minutes more. 
 Stir in  chard  leaves and  garlic  and cook another minute, or until leaves are wilted but still bright green. 
 Remove pan from heat. 
 Break  eggs  into large bowl, add remaining ½ teaspoon  salt , and beat well with whisk. 
 Add vegetables,  black pepper  to taste and  cheese . 
 Stir until evenly distributed. 
 Clean and dry skillet and return to burner over medium heat. 
 Preheat broiler. 
 When skillet is hot again, add remaining  olive oil , wait about 30 seconds, and swirl to coat pan. 
 Pour in vegetable- egg  mixture and cook undisturbed over medium heat, 3 to 4 minutes, or until bottom of  eggs  have firmed. 
 Transfer skillet to broiler, and broil about 3 minutes, or until frittata is firm in center. 
 Remove from broiler, and run knife around edge to loosen frittata. 
 Slide or invert onto large, round plate, and serve hot, warm or at room temperature, cut into wedges. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Sage Recipes, Potato Recipes, Gruyère Recipes, Swiss chard Recipes, Egg Recipes, Frittata Recipes, Add category