Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Japanese_Gyoza

      Japanese Gyoza     
 Description : 
 I have made the the filling the day before and assembled the gyoza right before cooking. The whole family helps with this process. These freeze well, freeze in single layer.
 
 Makes about 100. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb country-style  pork sausage 
 1 lb  ground lean pork 
 1 tablespoon  soy sauce 
 2 teaspoons  chili oil 
 1  carrot , finely shredded 
 4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 6  green onions , chopped 
 2 - 3 tablespoons fresh  ginger , grated 
 ½ medium  cabbage , shredded 
 ½ cup  beef broth 
 2 packages  gyoza skins 
 peanut oil 
 Dipping sauce : 
 ⅓ cup  tahini  (sesame paste) 
 ⅓ cup  rice vinegar 
 ⅓ cup Japanese  soy sauce 
 ¼ cup  sugar   or  light  corn syrup 
 1½ tablespoons  sesame oil 
 1 tablespoon fresh  garlic , pressed or finely chopped 
 1 tablespoon  chili oil 
 ½ teaspoon  szechwan pepper 
 2 - 3  green onions , chopped 
 Directions : 
 In a large skillet brown the  pork  and  sausage . 
 Sauté this over med-high heat, adding the soy sauce and  chili oil . 
 When the meat is browned, add the next 4 ingredients and fry for several minutes. 
 Add  cabbage , cook til wilted. 
 Add broth. 
 Cover, let mixture steam until liquid is reduced. 
 Remove mixture with slotted spoon and place in bowl to cool. 
 Brush  water  around the edges of gyoza wrapper. 
 Place filling in gyoza. 
 Seal with gyoza press or pinch together with fingers making little folds. 
 Heat less than ¼ cup  peanut oil  in pan. 
 Add several gyoza to pan. 
 Brown gyoza on both sides. 
 Carefully add ¼ cup  water  to hot pan and quickly cover. 
 Let steam until liquid is evaporated. 
 Remove to cool. 
 Dipping sauce : 
 Simply combine all of the ingredients in your blender or food processor. 
 Blend at high speed until the sauce is smooth. 
 Pour the sauce in a small serving bowl and top with a couple of drops of  chili oil  (if desiring a hotter sauce) and chopped  green onions . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b7/Gyoza.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004229']
Categories: Japanese Appetizers, Japanese Meat Dishes, Cabbage Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Add category