Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Three_Meat_Lasagna

Description : 
 This is just a variation of my own lasagna recipe. I say variation because I make it differently every time depending on what I have on hand and my mood. I find this one perfectly acceptable (and I consider myself a lasagna snob). You should certainly enjoy this, so make it the only lasagna recipe you make from now on.
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1 large sweet  onion , chopped 
 1 lb  ground beef 
 ½ lb bulk  Italian sausages 
 3-4 cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  basil  or 2 teaspoons dried  basil 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  oregano  or 1 teaspoon dried  oregano 
 2 tablespoons chopped  parsley 
 1 teaspoon  kosher salt 
 ½ teaspoon  black pepper 
 2 (15 ounces) cans  tomato sauce 
 6 ounces  tomato paste 
 2 tablespoons  brown sugar 
 Filling : 
 12 pieces uncooked  lasagna  noodles 
 2 (15 ounces) containers  ricotta cheese 
 2 large  eggs 
 ¼ cup grated  Parmesan cheese  (for ricotta) 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  pepper 
 2 tablespoons chopped  parsley 
 16 ounces grated  mozzarella  cheese 
 8 ounces thinly sliced  pepperoni 
 ¼ cup grated  Parmesan cheese  (to garnish) 
 Directions : 
 Cook  onion  in  olive oil  in a large skillet until tender, several minutes. 
 Add  garlic , ground  beef ,  Italian sausage ,  basil ,  oregano ,  parsley ,  salt  and  pepper  to pan and cook until  meat  is thoroughly browned and breaking up lumps as it cooks. 
 Drain fat. 
 Add  tomato  sauce,  tomato  paste, and  brown sugar  to pan, mixing well. 
 Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 25–30 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, cook lasagna noodles in plenty of boiling salted  water  for ten minutes, then drain. 
 In a mixing bowl, stir together  ricotta cheese ,  eggs , Parmesan,  salt ,  pepper , and  parsley  until smooth. 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 In a large lasagna baking pan, place ⅓½ of  meat  sauce in bottom of pan (just enough to cover). 
 On top of the meat sauce in pan, layer the lasagna as follows: 4 noodles (to cover pan), 8 ounces shredded  mozzarella , 4 ounces sliced pepperoni, 4 more noodles,  ricotta cheese  mixture, 4 more noodles, remaining  meat  sauce mixture, 8 ounces  mozzarella , 4 ounces of pepperoni, and ¼ cup Parmesan. 
 If any corners of noodles try to stick up past the sauce in the pan, tuck them under the sauce. 
 Bake at 375°F for 30–40 minutes or until heated through and  cheese  is golden and bubbly. 
 Allow to rest for 10–15 minutes before slicing and serving. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7e/Three_meat_lasagna.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004816']
Categories: Italian Meat Dishes, Lasagne Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Basil Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Pepperoni Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category