Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bichak


 
 Description : 
 Bichak  (stuffed baked tricorners) are popular appetizers for tea or  coffee  hour. The  pumpkin  and jam stuffings are on the sweet side while meat and  cheese  are  savory  and could be eaten for lunches with salad and dish of  yoghurt . An added attraction is that they may be prepared in large quantities, cooled and frozen for the future.
 
 Makes 48 to 50 bichak. 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 1½ cup (about)  water , warm 
 1 tsp  sugar 
 1 pkt (¼ oz, 7 grams)  dry yeast 
 3½ cup  flour 
 3 tbsp  corn oil 
 1  egg , separated 
 1  egg yolk , beaten with ½ tsp  corn oil 
 Squash, calabaza, or pumpkin stuffing : 
 ¼ cup  corn oil 
 2 medium (2 cups)  onions , chopped 
 1 cup  water , hot and ¼ t  salt 
 2 tbsp  sugar 
 1 lb  butternut squash ,  calabaza , or  pumpkin 
 Meat stuffing : 
 2 tbsp  corn oil 
 3 medium (2 cups)  onion , chopped 
 1 lb  ground beef  or  lamb 
 ½ tsp  salt , or to taste 
 ¼ tsp  pepper , peeled and cut into ½-in pieces 
 Cheese stuffing : 
 1 lb  farmer's cheese 
 1  egg yolk , beaten 
 3 tbsp  sugar 
 ½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 Jam stuffing : 
 1 cup  strawberry ,  grape  or  prune jam (lekach) 
 2 tbsp  bread crumbs 
 Directions : 
 Squash, calabaza, or pumpkin stuffing : 
 Heat  oil  in a pan, add  onions , and saute over moderate heat until  onions  turn golden. 
 Add  water ,  salt ,  sugar , and  squash  or  calabaza  or  pumpkin  and bring to a boil. 
 Cover pan and cook over low heat for about 20 minutes as  squash  /  calabaza  /  pumpkin  becomes soft and disintegrates. 
 Stir now and then, which in effect mashes contents. 
 Continue last minutes of cooking, uncovered, to evaporate all liquid and create and thick jam. 
 The mash is still moist. 
 Meat stuffing : 
 Heat  oil  in a skillet and brown  onions  lightly over moderate heat. 
 Add meat,  salt , and  pepper  and stir-fry for 5 minutes, making certain liquid has evaporated and mixture is dry. 
 Cool. 
 Cheese stuffing : 
 Mix everything together. 
 Set aside. 
 Jam stuffing : 
 Mix jam and crumbs together. 
 Set aside. 
 Prepare tricorners : 
 Mix ½ cup warm  water ,  sugar , and  yeast  together and proof in a warm place until mixture foams, about 10 minutes. 
 Make a well in  flour , add  yeast  mixture,  oil , and 1  egg white , and stir them into  flour . 
 Add balance of  water , or enough  water  to prepare a soft dough. 
 Knead for several minutes and roll into a ball. 
 oil  top lightly and leave dough in mixing bowl. 
 Cover bowl with foil or a towel and let rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour. 
 Punch down dough ball. 
 Pull off about ½ cup of dough and roll into a slightly flattened ball. 
 Prepare 6 balls. 
 On well-floured board roll out each ball, 1 at a time, to 12" pancake. 
 Using empty can or a cookie cutter, 3" in diameter, cut out circles in pancake. 
 Put 1 tbsp of whichever stuffing you are using, or variety of stuffings, in center of each circle. 
 Fold over right and left side of circle to meet in the center and bring up bottom to cover stuffing. 
 Pinch ends together to form tricorner pastry. Seal in contents. 
 Paint tops of bichak with  egg yolk . 
 Line baking pan or cookie sheet with lightly oiled aluminum foil. 
 Place tricorners on foil and bake in a preheated 350°F. 
 Oven for about 40 minutes, or until brown.Serve warm. 
 Note : 
 Cool bichak, store in plastic bags, and freeze. To serve, thaw out frozen bichak for ½ hour and heat in preheated 350°F oven for 5-10 minutes.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Afghan Appetizers, Squash Recipes, Prune Recipes, Butternut squash Recipes, Farmer cheese Recipes, Corn oil Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Savory Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Grape Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Beef Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category