Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baked_Eggs_with_Sausage,_Pepper_and_Potato_Hash

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound boiling  potatoes 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon  butter 
 1 pound  chorizo  (spicy pork sausage) pricked lightly with a needle 
 4 cups thinly sliced  onion 
 2  red bell peppers , seeded and sliced thin 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 (16-ounce) can whole  tomatoes , drained and chopped 
 ½ cup dry  red wine ]] 
 3 tablespoons [[red wine vinegar 
 2 teaspoons dried  oregano , crumbled 
 2 teaspoons dried  basil , crumbled 
 6 large  eggs 
 chopped  parsley , for garnish 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan combine potatoes with cold water to cover and bring to a boil. 
 Simmer potatoes, covered, for 25 to 30 minutes or until just tender. 
 Drain potatoes and peel when cool enough to handle. 
 Chill peeled potatoes, loosely covered, for 1 hour. 
 Heat oven to 350°F degrees. 
 Dice potatoes and saute in 1 tablespoon oil and butter in a skillet over medium-high heat 5 minutes or until golden brown. 
 Set potatoes aside in their skillet. 
 Meanwhile, in a separate skillet with a nonstick coating, saute chorizo over medium-high heat 5 minutes, or until golden brown, and transfer it with tongs to a cutting board to cool. 
 Pour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from the skillet and reduce heat to medium. 
 Add onion to the skillet and cook, stirring, until softened. 
 Add peppers and garlic; cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is golden and peppers have wilted. 
 Cut chorizo into ½-inch-thick slices and add to the skillet along with the tomatoes. 
 Cook, stirring, 2 minutes. 
 Add the wine, vinegar, oregano and basil to the skillet. 
 Cook, stirring, 10 minutes or until excess liquid has evaporated but mixture is still moist. 
 Gently stir in the potatoes. 
 Season to taste with salt and pepper and transfer the mixture to a to a 1½-quart gratin dish, spreading evenly. (bring to room temperature and store, chilled and covered, or continue with the recipe). 
 Bake the mixture in the oven for 10 to 20 minutes or until hot. 
 Make 6 depressions in the hash. 
 Break 1 egg carefully into each depression and bake an additional 15 to 20 minutes until the eggs are set. 
 Note : 
 The potato and chorizo mixture may be prepared one day ahead and kept covered and chilled. If made in advance, add 10 additional minutes to baking time before adding eggs.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Hash Recipes, Egg Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Potato Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Add category