Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fried_Mock_Oyster


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large cake firm  bean curd 
3 dried  Mushrooms 
4 sheets seaweed (4 inches by 9 inches) 
Seasonings: 
1/4 tsp  salt 
1/4 tsp  Sugar 
1 tsp  cornstarch 
1/4 tsp  MSG  (optional) 
a few drops  sesame oil 
Freshly ground  black pepper  - a few shakes or to taste 
1  bean curd  sheet 
Batter: 
1/3 cup  flour 
3 1/4 teaspoons  glutinous rice flour 
3/4 tsp  baking powder 
1/2 cup  water 
1/2 tsp  salt 
1 1/2 tablespoons  oil 
 flour  Mixture: 
2 tsp  flour 
2 tsp  water 
 oil  for deep-frying
 
 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Soak the  bean curd  sheet to soften.
 Drain the  bean curd . Soak the dried  Mushrooms  in warm  water  for between 20 – 30 minutes. Squeeze any excess  water  out of the  Mushrooms . Cut off the stems and dice. Save the soaking liquid to use, if desired.(Strain if necessary to remove any grit).
 Steam the  Mushroom  pieces and  bean curd  for 8 minutes.
Take each sheet of seaweed and cut into shreds. Combine in a bowl with the steamed  Mushroom  pieces. Place the steamed  bean curd  in a bowl and add the  salt ,  Sugar ,  cornstarch ,  MSG ,  sesame seed   oil  and  pepper . Mash and mix the ingredients with a fork.
 Wipe the  bean curd  sheet with a damp cloth. Trim the edges and cut into 10 pieces.
 Mix together the batter ingredients. Use soaking liquid from the  Mushrooms  in place of  water  if desired. Make sure the batter has no lumps.
 Mix together the  flour  and  water  mixture until it forms a type of glue.
 To wrap: Lay out a  bean curd  square in front of you so that it forms a 
diamond. Place about a teaspoon of the mashed  bean curd  in the middle. 
 Add a bit of the seaweed/ Mushroom  mixture and top with another teaspoon of  bean curd . Fold the bottom over the filling so that it forms a triangle. 
 Fold over the top. Brush generously with the  flour / water  mixture, and fold over the left and right sides, brushing with more of the glue and pressing down on the edges to seal.
 Heat wok on high heat and add  oil . Coat about 4 or 5 of the wrapped bean curds in the batter and add to the wok, carefully sliding them in so the  oil  doesn't splatter. Deep-fry until golden brown (about 5 minutes), turning a few times during the cooking process. Drain.
 Serve with Vegetarian  worcestershire sauce  or seasoned  salt .
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Recipes, American Chinese Vegetarian, Sweet rice flour Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Monosodium glutamate Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category