Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Frances_Bissell%27s_Low-fat_Christmas_Pudding

The tradition is that every member of the family stirs the pudding mixture while making a wish.... Bissell/Levy suggest serving this with  crème fraîche , rather than the traditional brandy butter
 
 Ingredients : 
 230 g (8 oz, 4 loosely packed cups) fresh wholemeal  breadcrumbs 
 230 g (8 oz, 2 cups) each of roughly chopped muscatel (black)  raisins ,  sultanas  (yellow  raisins ) and  dried apricots 
 60 g (2 oz, ¾ cup) crumbled  almond  macaroons or amaretti 
 60 g (2 oz, ¾ cup) chopped  almonds 
 60 g (2 oz, ½ cup) ground or flaked  almonds 
 1 grated  apple 
 1 tbsp grated  orange zest 
 1 tsp ground  cinnamon 
 1 tsp ground  mace 
 ½ tsp ground  cardamom 
 ½ tsp ground  cloves 
 ½ tsp ground  allspice 
 2 tbsp  orange marmalade  or candied  orange peel 
 juice  of 1  orange 
 4 medium free-range  eggs 
 6 tbsp  or  1 miniature bottle of  cognac 
 140 ml (5 fl oz, scant ⅔ cup) fortified  muscat  wine,  port   marsala   or  rich Oloroso  sherry 
 Directions : 
 Put all the dry ingredients in a large bowl and mix thoroughly. 
 Put the  marmalade ,  orange juice ,  eggs ,  brandy  and wine in another large bowl, or in the blender or food processor, and beat until well blended and frothy. 
 Pour the liquid over the dry ingredients. 
 Mix until moist. 
 Cover, and let stand for a couple of hours at least and, if possible, overnight to let the spice flavours develop. 
 oil  or  butter  the pudding basin and spoon in the mixture. 
 As it contains no raw  flour , it will not expand very much during the cooking, so you can fill the basin to within 1.25 cm (½ inch) of the rim. 
 Take a square of greaseproof or waxed paper,  oil  or  butter  it, and tie it over the top of the basin with string. 
 Steam in boiling  water  for 5 hours. 
 Allow pudding to cool completely before wrapping it, still in its basin, in fresh greaseproof paper plus a layer of foil. 
 Store in a cool dark place. 
 On Christmas Day, steam for a further two hours. 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Desserts, Holiday pudding Recipes, Low-fat Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Almond Recipes, Dried apricot Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Marmalade Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Apple Recipes, Egg Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Marsala Recipes, Cognac Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Port Recipes, Add category