Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Buko_Pie

Buko is the Tagalog term for young  coconut . Buko pie is one of the most must-try product and specialty of Laguna. It is also one of the very few pastries that the Filipino enjoys.
 
       Buko Pie     
 Ingredients : 
 Pie crust : 
 3 cups  flour 
 2½ tbsp  sugar 
 ¾ tsp  salt 
 ¾ cup  vegetable shortening 
 ½ cup  ice   water 
 3  egg yolks 
 Filling : 
 2 cups young  coconut , shredded 
 ½ cup young  coconut juice 
 ½ cup  condensed milk 
 ⅔ cup  evaporated milk 
 4 tbsp  sugar 
 1 tsp  pure vanilla extract 
 ½ cup  cornstarch  + ½ cup cold  milk 
 Directions : 
 Pie crust : 
 To make the pie crust, combine  flour ,  salt  and  sugar  in a bowl. 
 Cut in  shortening  with a pastry blender until mixture is crumbly. 
 Combine  egg yolks  and  ice   water  and blend into  flour  mixture until it turns into dough. 
 Add a little more  water  if dough is still crumbly. 
 Divide dough into two (2) equal portions and wrap in plastic film. Refrigerate for 30 mixtures. 
 Roll out dough to make two (2) crusts, about ¼ inch thick. 
 Cover bottom of pie pan evenly with one (1) pie crust, and cut-off excess around the pan. 
 Evenly prick the pie crust all over using a fork and bake in a pre-heated oven at 450°F for 10 – 12 minutes. 
 Set aside and cool completely. 
 Pie filling : 
 Combine pie-filling ingredients except  cornstarch  mixture in a deep saucepan. 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly. 
 When boiling gently, add  cornstarch  mixture, stirring continually until combined mixture has thickened. 
 Pour mixture evenly into prepared pie crust. 
 Top the pie pan with the remaining prepared pie crust, and seal edges using a fork or crimp the pie edge using your fingers. 
 Brush the top of pie with an egg-wash and bake at 400°F until crust turns golden brown. 
 Allow to cool completely and then refrigerate until firm. 
 Top with whipped cream and toasted sweetened  coconut  flakes just before serving. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0f/Buko-pie.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004138']
Categories: Filipino Desserts, Coconut Recipes, Coconut water Recipes, Sweetened condensed milk Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Pie crust Recipes, Add category