Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tex-Mex_Pizza

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Better Homes and Gardens 
 Prep: 50 minutes | Bake: 10 minutes 
 Makes 8 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 to 2½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup warm  water  (120°F to 130°F) 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 ¾ cup yellow  cornmeal 
 ½ cup chopped  onion 
 ½ cup chopped  green sweet pepper 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil ,  margarine , or  butter 
 1 x 14½-ounce can  tomatoes , cut up 
 1 x 8-ounce can  tomato sauce 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  basil  or 1 teaspoon dried  basil , crushed 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  oregano  or 1 teaspoon dried  oregano , crushed 
 1 teaspoon  fennel seed , crushed (optional) 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar 
 ¼ teaspoon  pepper 
 ⅛ to ¼ teaspoon  ground red pepper 
 ⅛ teaspoon  chili powder 
 1 pound  ground beef  or bulk  Chorizo 
 1 x 15-ounce can  black beans , rinsed and drained 
 ½ cup chopped  red sweet pepper 
 3 tablespoons finely chopped  jalapeno  peppers 
 2 tablespoons snipped fresh  cilantro 
 3 cups shredded Monterey  jack cheese  (12 ounces) 
 Directions : 
 Sauce : 
 Cook the ½ cup  onion , the green pepper, and  garlic  in 1 tablespoon  oil  until tender. 
 Stir in undrained  tomatoes ,  tomato sauce ,  basil ,  oregano ,  fennel seed  (if using),  sugar ,  pepper ,  ground red pepper , and  chili powder . 
 Bring to boiling. Reduce heat; Simmer, uncovered, for 35 to 40 minutes or to desired consistency, stirring occasionally. [1] 
 Crust : 
 Meanwhile, in a large bowl combine 1¼ cups of the  flour , the  yeast , and the ¼ teaspoon  salt . 
 Add Warm  water  and 2 tablespoons  oil . 
 Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 Seconds, scraping bowl constantly. 
 Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. 
 Using a spoon, stir in  cornmeal  and as much of the remaining  flour  as you can. 
 Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. 
 Knead in enough remaining  flour  to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes total). 
 Divide dough in half. Cover and let rest 10 minutes. [2] 
 Grease two 11- to 13-inch pizza pans or baking sheets. 
 On a lightly floured surface, roll each half of dough into a circle 1 inch larger than pizza pan. 
 Transfer dough to pans. 
 Build up edges slightly; Score edges with a knife, if desired. Prick dough generously with a fork. Do not let rise. 
 Bake in a 425°F oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Pizza : 
 Meanwhile, in a large skillet cook  ground beef  or  chorizo  until brown. 
 Drain fat. 
 Spread sauce over hot crusts. 
 Sprinkle with cooked  beef  or  chorizo ,  black beans ,  red sweet pepper ,  jalapeno  peppers, and  cilantro . 
 Sprinkle with Monterey  jack cheese . 
 Bake about 12 minutes more or until cheese melts and sauce is bubbly. 
 Serve with salsa. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza sauce; cool. Transfer to freezer container. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza dough; divide into 2 equal portions. Place in plastic freezer bags. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Tex-Mex Meat Dishes, Ground beef Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Tomato Recipes, World Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category