Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Bread_Pudding

Ingredients : 
 9 slice whole wheat bread 
 8 slice white bread 
 3  egg yolks , beaten 
 1½ cup  cream , light 
 ⅓ cup  sugar 
 1 dash  salt 
 1½ tsp  vanilla 
 ⅔ cup  raisins , light 
 ⅔ cup  raisins , dark 
 ⅓ cup  candied red cherries , halved 
 ¾ cup cream  sherry 
 1 cup water 
 2  egg yolks , beaten 
 ¼ cup  powdered sugar , sifted 
 2 tbsp cream  sherry 
 ¼ tsp  vanilla 
 ½ cup  whipping cream 
 Directions : 
 Remove crusts from bread; set crusts aside for another use. 
 Cover bread slices with paper towels and let stand overnight. 
 For custard, in a heavy medium saucepan combine 3  egg yolks ,  light cream ,  sugar , and  salt . 
 Cook and stir over medium heat. 
 Continue cooking till mixture coats a metal spoon. 
 Remove from heat; cool at once by placing saucepan in a sink of  ice   water  and stirring for 1 – 2 minutes. 
 Stir in 1½ teaspoons  vanilla . 
 Cover surface with clear plastic wrap. 
 In a small bowl combine  raisins . 
 Place  cherries  in another bowl. 
 Heat ¾ cup  sherry  till warm. 
 Pour ⅔ cup  sherry  over  raisins ; pour remaining  sherry  over  cherries . 
 Set aside. 
 Cut bread into ½ inch cubes (should have about 9 cups). 
 In a bowl fold bread into custard till coated. 
 Grease a 6½-cup tower mold (without tube). 
 Drain  raisins  and  cherries , reserving  sherry . 
 Arrange one-fourth of  cherries  in bottom of the mold; sprinkle ⅓ cup  raisins  into the mold. 
 Add one-fourth of bread-cube mixture. 
 Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons reserved  sherry . 
 Repeat layers three times, arranging  cherries  and  raisins  near edges of the mold. 
 Lightly press last layer with the back of a spoon. 
 Pour remaining reserved  sherry  over all. 
 Cover mold tightly with foil. 
 Set mold into a 4 quart crockery cooker with liner in place. 
 Pour 1 cup  water  into cooker around mold. 
 Cover; cook on low heat setting abut 5 ½ hours or on high-heat setting about 3 hours or till pudding springs back when touched. 
 Meanwhile, for  sherry  sauce, in a mixing bowl combine 2  egg yolks ,  powdered sugar , 2 tablespoons  sherry , and ¼ teaspoons  vanilla . 
 In a small mixing bowl beat  whipping cream  with a rotary beater till soft peaks form. 
 Gently fold  whipped cream  into egg- yolk  mixture. 
 Cover and chill till serving time. 
 Remove mold from cooker and let stand 10 minutes. 
 Carefully unmold pudding onto a serving platter. 
 Serve warm with  sherry  sauce. 
 Or, remove pudding from mold, cover, and chill. 
 To serve, return pudding to the same mold. 
 Cover with foil and place in the cooker, then pour 1 cup  water  around mold. 
 Cover; cook on high-heat setting for 1½ – 2 hours or till warm. 
 Let stand 10 minutes; unmold and serve with sauce. 
 For 5- or 6- quart crockery cooker: use 1½ cups  water  to pour around mold. 
 Leave remaining ingredient amounts the same. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bread pudding Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Egg yolk Recipes, Glace cherry Recipes, Holiday pudding Recipes, Light cream Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Add category