Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Black_Bean_Enchiladas_with_Warm_Salsa_Verde

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Enchiladas 
 8 soft  corn  tortillas 
 1 recipe  black bean  Filling 
 1 recipe Warm Salsa Verde 
 10 1/2 oz. grated Mexican cheeses 
 
 
 
 black bean  Filling 
 1 Tbs. extra virgin  olive oil 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 small white  Onion 
 1 jalapeo, seeded and minced 
 2 15-oz. cans  black beans , drained but not rinsed 
 1 tsp. ground  cumin 
 2 Tbs.  tomato  paste 
 coarse salt  to taste 
 
 
 
 Warm Salsa Verde 
 12 tomatillos, husked and halved 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 Tbs. extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 small white  Onion , grated or minced 
 1 jalapeo, seeded and minced 
 1 14-oz. can  vegetable stock 
 1 tsp. ground  cumin 
 coarse salt  to taste 
 1 ripe  avocado 
 Chopped fresh  oregano  leaves from1 or 2 stems, optional 
 Directions : 
 1. To make Enchiladas: Wrap tortillas in aluminum foil, and heat in oven at 275F
 until fillings and sauce are ready.
 2. To make  black bean  Filling: Heat  oil  in large skillet, and add  garlic . Grate  Onion  into pan with a hand grater. Add jalape96o. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add beans, and mash with back of a fork. Stir in  cumin  and  tomato  paste, and season with  salt .
 3. To make Warm Salsa Verde: Place tomatillos in a food processor, and pulse to a coarsely ground paste.
 4. Heat  garlic  in  oil  over medium heat in a large saucepan. When  garlic  begins to sizzle, grate  Onion  with a hand grater directly into pan. Add jalape96o. Heat  Onion  and jalape96o through for 1 to 2 minutes, and add ground tomatillos. Simmer tomatillos with  Onion  for 5 minutes. Add stock and seasonings.
 5. Halve  avocado  with skin on by cutting in and down to the pit all around  avocado . Separate  avocado  halves, and scoop out pit with a large spoon. Scoop flesh out of skins and into pot. Mash with back of a fork. Stir  avocado  into sauce to thicken it. Return sauce to a gentle boil. Reduce heat to warm until enchiladas are assembled.
 6. Preheat broiler.
 7. Scoop some sauce onto bottom of a casserole dish or shallow serving platter. To make an enchilada, place 1 to 2 scoops of filling down center of a tortilla, and roll. Place filled tortillas seam side down into sauce on platter or casserole. Line up tortillas, one next to another, and top with remaining sauce and grated cheeses. Melt cheeses under broiler, and serve immediately with Warm Salsa Verde. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Corn Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category