Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Total_Chocolate_Eclipse_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/2 cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 3/4 cup  unsweetened cocoa powder 
 1 Tbs.  baking powder 
 1 tsp.  baking soda 
 2 Tbs. flaxseeds 
 1/2 cup pitted  dates , soaked in 1 cup hot  water  for 30 minutes 
 6 oz. extra-firm  silken tofu 
 1 cup pure  maple syrup  or other natural liquid sweetener 
 1 Tbs.  corn oil 
 1 1/2 tsp.  vanilla extract 
 Frosting 
 1 cup  semisweet chocolate  chips 
 1/2 cup raw cashews 
 6 oz. extra-firm  silken tofu 
 1/4 cup pure  maple syrup 
 1 tsp.  vanilla extract 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 350ʡF. Grease two 9-inch round cake pans and coat with  flour , tapping out excess  flour .
 2. In large bowl, mix  flour ,  cocoa ,  baking powder  and  baking soda .
 3. In food processor or blender, grind flaxseeds to fine powder. Add 1/2 cup
 water  and process until thick and frothy, about 30 seconds. Add  dates  and their soaking liquid,  tofu ,  maple syrup ,  oil  and  vanilla , and process until smooth. Transfer mixture to large bowl.
 4. Stir dry ingredients into wet ingredients, blending until smooth, Divide the batter evenly between prepared pans.
 5. Bake until cakes spring back when lightly pressed, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool cakes in pans on wire rack 10 minutes; then invert onto wire racks, remove pans, and cool completely.
 6. Make frosting: In top of boiler set over simmering (not boiling)  water , melt  chocolate , stirring until smooth. Remove from  water  and set aside.
 7. In food processor or blender, finely grind cashews. Add 1/3 cup  water  and blend until smooth. Add  tofu ,  maple syrup  and  vanilla , and process until smooth. Add melted  chocolate  and process until smooth. Transfer to medium bowl and refrigerate until chilled.
 8. To frost cake, spread about 2/3 cup frosting over top of one layer. Cover with second layer and spread top and sides with remaining frosting. Cut into wedges and serve.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Corn oil Recipes, Dates Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Add category