Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crispy_Fried_Whole_Catfish_with_Asian_Slaw

A  Catfish  recipe for whole catfish paired with a slaw featuring Asian spices and vegetables.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Catfish : 
 2 U.S. farm-raised  catfish , gutted (about 1 pound each) 
 8 – 10 slices  garlic , cut into slivers 
 8 – 10 slices fresh  ginger 
 ¼ cup  sesame oil 
 1 cup  milk 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 Asian Slaw : 
 1 cup of each of the following:
 finely julienned  cucumber 
 finely julienned  carrots 
 finely julienned  green onions 
 finely julienned  red bell peppers 
 rice noodles  hydrated as package directs 
 ½ cup cooked sticky or  jasmine rice 
 ½ teaspoon  black sesame seed 
 for garnish: fresh  cilantro  leaves 
 Dressing : 
 ½ cup  rice vinegar 
 2 tablespoons  sugar 
 2 tablespoons  water 
 2 teaspoons Asian  chile paste  (see note) 
 1 tablespoon  sesame oil 
 for the slaw: cup of each of the following: 
 Directions : 
 Cut slits in the sides of each  catfish . Insert slivers of  garlic  and  ginger  into slits. Coat with  sesame oil . Set aside on a wax paper-lined baking sheet. 
 Pour  milk  into a shallow dish. Place  flour  in shallow dish or on a piece of wax paper and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Heat  peanut oil  in a deep fryer, a wok or a large, deep skillet to 350°F on a deep-frying thermometer. Roll each  catfish  in  milk , then dredge in the seasoned  flour . Place one  catfish  at a time in the hot  oil  and fry, turning to cook on all sides, about 8 minutes or until golden brown and fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. Drain on paper towels. Arrange a thin layer of Asian slaw on each serving plate and top with fried  catfish . Sprinkle with  black sesame seeds  and serve with sticky or  jasmine rice . Garnish with  cilantro  leaves. 
 Dressing : 
 Mix  vinegar ,  sugar ,  water ,  chile paste  and  oil  in a chilled small bowl until well blended. 
 Asian Slaw : 
 Mix  cucumber ,  carrots ,  green onions ,  red pepper  and  rice noodles  in a large bowl. 
 Add dressing and toss until well combined. 
 
 
 
Categories: Black sesame seed Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Ethnic catfish Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Jasmine rice Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Rice noodle Recipes, Add category