Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Avocado_Blackberry_Dressing_with_Salmon_on_Frise%C3%A9_and_Baby_Red_Lettuce

Ingredients : 
 4  eggs , hard-boiled -- sliced and set aside (optional) 
 5⅓ cups  avocado  -- peeled and cubed 
 ½ cup  olive oil  -- plus 2 tablespoons 
 2 tbsp  red wine vinegar 
 2 tbsp  balsamic vinegar 
 ¼ cup  mayonnaise 
 ¼ cup  blackberries 
 1 clove  garlic  -- crushed 
 kosher salt  -- to taste 
 3  avocados  -- peeled and sliced, set aside 
 4  roma tomatoes  -- sliced ½" thick, set aside 
 1 medium  red onion  -- sliced thin rings, set aside 
 1  lemon  -- quartered, set aside 
 1  lime  -- quartered, set aside 
 ¾ cup  blackberries , set aside 
 2 tsp ground  black pepper  -- coarsely ground 
 2 tsp ground  white pepper  -- coarsely ground 
 1 tsp  cayenne pepper 
 1 pound  salmon  fillet -- skinned 
 ¼ cup fresh  lemon juice 
 paprika  -- for sprinkling 
 1 package Ready Pac  frisée  and  baby red lettuce 
 Directions : 
 In blender or food processor, combine the following eight ingredients,  avocado ,  olive oil ,  red wine vinegar ,  balsamic vinegar ,  mayonnaise ,  blackberries ,  garlic  and  kosher salt , and blend. 
 Pour into  salad dressing  jar. 
 Refrigerate until ready to use. 
 Prepare  avocados ,  tomatoes ,  onions ,  lemons  and  limes , set aside. 
 Keep chilled until ready to plate. 
 In 10 inch iron or heavy skillet, heat 2 tb  oil  until very hot. 
 Test with drop of  water , if this sizzles, the skillet is ready. 
 In meantime, combine all the ground  peppers  or you can use a commercial blend of cajun or blackened seasoning. 
 Cut salmon fillets in four equal pieces, and drizzle fresh  lemon juice  over each piece. 
 Coat each piece of salmon with the blackened seasoning. 
 Place each piece gently into skillet and sear on each side for 3 or 4 minutes or until flaky by testing with fork. 
 Toss dressing on baby  lettuce  leaves to coat. 
 Divide tossed salad equally on four, chilled glass salad plates, then top each salad with one salmon filet arrange  onion  rings on top of fillets. 
 Garnish each plate with equal amounts of sliced  avocado ,  tomatoes  and hard cooked  eggs  (if used), alternating the slices. 
 Place remaining fresh  blackberries , quartered  lemon  and  lime  on each plate and sprinkle  paprika  for final burst of color. 
 Serve immediately. 
 Fresh sweet  blackberries  work the best for this recipe, however frozen whole ones can be subsisted, make sure you drain them well. 
 If you find your fresh  blackberries  are not as sweet as you prefer, sprinkle with  sugar  to taste before blending in  salad dressing . 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Chicory Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Lime Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Red-leaf lettuce Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Salmon Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Add category