Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Muscadine_Tart

Description 
 The rosemary in this recipe blends perfectly with the ingredients and gives the tart complexity and balance.
 
 Dessert Recipes  by the South Carolina Department of Agriculture, public domain government resource—original source of recipe 
 Ingredients 
 Sweet Pastry 
 1½ cups  flour 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 8 tbsp cold  unsalted butter , cut into small pieces 
 1  egg yolk 
 2 tbsp  milk  or  cream 
 Filling 
 30  muscadine grapes 
 1 tbsp instant  tapioca powder 
 2 tbsp  lemon juice 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 ½ tsp finely chopped fresh  rosemary 
 3 tbsp  raw (turbinado) sugar 
 Directions 
 In a food processor or standing mixer with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, sugar, and butter until the mixture resembles meal. 
 Stir together the yolk and milk and add to flour mixture. 
 Pulse or beat just until the dough comes together. 
 Do not overwork the pastry. 
 Flatten into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. 
 Refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight. 
 Preheat the oven to 400 °F. 
 On a well-floured surface, roll out the dough to a 13-inch circle, adding more flour if necessary. 
 Fit the dough into a 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom. 
 Fold over the excess dough and flute the edge. 
 Place foil or waxed paper in the bottom of the tart pan and weight it with dried beans or pastry weights. 
 Bake for 15 minutes on the bottom rack of the oven. 
 Remove the foil and weights and set the shell aside. 
 While the pastry is baking, prepare the filling. 
 Cut the grapes in half and carefully remove the seeds with the point of a knife, without separating the pulp from the skin. 
 In a medium bowl, stir together the tapioca, lemon juice, sugar, and rosemary. 
 Add the grapes and stir to combine. 
 Allow the filling to stand for 15 minutes and stir again to dissolve the tapioca. 
 Remove the grapes from the juices and arrange, cut side down, ½ inch apart in concentric circles in the tart shell. 
 Stir the juices again and pour them over the grapes. 
 Bake the tart for 15 minutes on the bottom rack. 
 Lower the heat to 350 °F and bake for an additional 20 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Pie Recipes, Grape Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Add category