Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mariscada

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ lb fresh  Squid  (calamari). 
 1 lb fresh white fish. 
 ½ lb clam meat (you can by a package of pre-cooked /frozen). 
 ½ lb  Shrimp  (pre-cooked). 
 1 lb mussels shellfish (frozen in the shell). 
 4 ripe  tomatoes . 
 2  onions . 
 1 bottle  coconut milk . 
 3 tablespoon chopped  cilantro . 
 4 tablespoon  lemon juice . 
 6 tablespoon  olive oil . 
 2 gloves of  garlic . 
 2 teaspoon  salt . 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Place pre-cooked frozen clam meat and  Shrimp  in a colander. Let them thaw and drain overnight in a fridge. 
 Cut the fresh fish into cubes and the squids into small pieces. Rinse them and place in a bowl with  salt  and  lemon juice . Let them marinate while you cook the mussels. 
 Mussels (Mexilhão):
 
 Rinse the frozen mussels under cool running  water . The shells should close. 
 Place mussels that do not close in a bowl with cold  water  and agitate them to make the shell close. *Discard the shells that do not close because they can be spoiled and cause intoxication. 
 In a large saucepan, place the good mussels with 1/8 cup of  water . 
 Cook them about 10 to 15 minutes or until the shells open wide apart and meat come loose. 
 Use a fork to remove the meat from shells. Discard shells, reserve the meat. 
 Combine in blender diced  tomatoes ,  onions ,  cilantro , minced  garlic  and  salt . 
 Make a coarse purée. 
 In a large pan, heat the  olive oil  and pour the coarse purée. 
 Add the fresh fish and  Squid . Cook for about 10 minutes. 
 Then, combine the other seafood:  Shrimp , clam meat, mussels’ meat. 
 Add the  coconut milk  and cook for additional 15 minutes. 
 The dish should have the consistency of a soup when done. 
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7f/Mariscada.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004120']
Categories: Brazilian Meat Dishes, Brazilian Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Seafood Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Squid Recipes, Add category