Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Let_Thoke_Sone

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Let Thoke Sone  (Burmese Hand-Tossed Salad) is one of the more popular Burmese salads.
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Main ingredients:
 
 300 g pressed beancurd cakes, soaked 
 200 g fresh  egg noodles , blanched 
 160 g  cucumber , peeled and shredded 
 150 g  green papaya , shredded 
 80 g  transparent vermicelli , soaked 2 minutes. and boiled 3 minutes. 
 80 g bean sprout, blanched 
 75 g cooked  rice 
 20 g  cabbage , shredded 
 60 ml  oil  for deep-frying 
 4 pieces small  potatoes , peeled and cubed 
 1 piece large red  chile , finely chopped 
 1 piece medium  tomato , peeled and chopped 
 For garnish:
 
 4 tablespoons dried shrimps, soaked and blended to powdery fluff 
 4 tablespoons roasted  gram flour 
 4 tablespoons fish sauce 
 2 tablespoons  tamarind  pulp, soaked in 125 ml  water 
 2 tablespoons  chile  flakes 
 2 tablespoons  peanut oil 
 1 teaspoon  sugar syrup 
 12 cloves  garlic , finely sliced 
 3 pieces vird's-eye  chile 
 1 piece medium  Onion , finely sliced 
 1/2 cup  coriander leaves 
 Directions : 
 Boil  potatoes . Drain beancurd cakes and cube. Heat  oil  in a wok and fry beancurd over medium heat until golden brown. Set aside. Mix  chile  with cooked  rice . For the garnishes: In a wok, fry  Onion  and  garlic  until golden and crisp. Remove from heat and set aside. In a bowl, put  chile  flakes. Pour hot  oil  over  chile  flakes, saute and then set aside. In another bowl, strain  tamarind water  and add bird’s-eye  chile  and  sugar syrup  to  tamarind water  and set aside. When you’re ready to serve, arrange main ingredients on a large plate. Place the bowls of the garnishes around the plate. This recipe is eaten by taking small handfuls of the main ingredients, sprinkling them with a little bit of each of the garnishes and then mixing by hand.
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/e8/Burmesehandtossedsalad.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004829']
Categories: Bean thread Recipes, Burmese Recipes, Burmese Salads, Cabbage Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Egg noodle Recipes, Green papaya Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category