Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Wilmot_Estate_Bread_Soup

Description : 
 This recipe came from an estate sale. I obtained it when I purchased the family collection from the Wilmot Estate in Rowlett, Texas in 1996.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 6 cups  chicken stock 
 2 peeled  carrots  coarsely chopped 
 1  cinnamon stick 
 1 sprig  thyme 
 1 sprig  marjoram 
 ½ teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 ¼ cup dry  white wine 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 3 cups cubed hard white  bread 
 ⅓ cup  butter 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 8 ounces sliced  white onion 
 3  garlic  cloves 
 1½ pounds peeled  tomatoes  thickly sliced 
 3 hard boiled  eggs  sliced 
 3 teaspoons chopped  capers 
 3 tablespoons chopped  green olives 
 ¼ cup  raisins 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 ½ cup crumbled  feta  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Place chicken stock, carrots, cinnamon stick, thyme, marjoram, pepper and wine in a saucepan then bring to a boil. 
 Cover and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. 
 Add salt. 
 Discard cinnamon stick, thyme and marjoram then set the stock aside. 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. 
 Place bread cubes in a baking pan and bake for 15 minutes. 
 Heat butter in a skillet. 
 Add half the bread cubes and fry for a few minutes then transfer to a plate covered with absorbent paper. 
 Repeat this procedure with remaining bread cubes then set aside. 
 Heat oil in a skillet then add the onion and garlic and sauté for 3 minutes. 
 Add the tomatoes and cook over medium heat stirring constantly for 10 minutes then set aside. 
 Fifteen minutes before serving preheat oven to 425°F. 
 Bring the chicken stock to a simmer. 
 Divide the bread cubes and stewed tomatoes among 6 ovenproof bowls and garnish with 2 slices of egg then add the hot chicken stock. 
 Sprinkle with capers, olives, raisins and a pinch of ground cinnamon. 
 Bake until the soup starts to boil. 
 Serve hot sprinkled with feta. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bread Recipes, Caper Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Feta Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Onion Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Add category