Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spice_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   INGREDIENTS 
 
 1.1   Cake 
 1.2   Topping 
 
 
 2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 
 INGREDIENTS : 
 Cake : 
 2 1/2 cups flour 
 3/4 tsp baking powder 
 1/4 tsp baking soda 
 3/4 tsp salt 
 1 1/2 tsp cinnamon 
 1/2 tsp allspice 
 1/2 tsp cardamom 
 1/4 tsp cloves 
 1/4 tsp ginger 
 1/4 tsp nutmeg 
 10 Tbsp unsalted butter, at room temperature 
 1 cup sugar 
 1/3 cup dark brown sugar 
 2 large eggs, at room temperature 
 1 1/4 cups low-fat buttermilk, at room temperature 
 2 tsp vanilla extract 
 Topping : 
 1/2 cup dark brown sugar 
 2 Tbsp unsalted butter, cubed 
 2 Tbsp heavy cream 
 pinch of salt 
 1/2 tsp vanilla extract 
 chopped pecans 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F and spray a 10-cup  bundt pan  generously with nonstick spray. Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, allspice, cardamom, cloves, ginger, and nutmeg in a medium bowl. 
 Beat butter and sugars in a large mixer bowl on medium speed until creamy. Reduce speed to low and add eggs one at a time. Combine buttermilk and vanilla in a small bowl. Beat in flour mixture in three additions, alternating with buttermilk mixture (begin and end with flour mixture), just until incorporated. 
 Spoon batter into prepared  bundt pan  and smooth with an  offset spatula . Tap pan sharply to reduce air bubbles. Bake for 36 to 38 minutes, until cake is golden, springs back to the touch, and a tester inserted in the center comes out clean or with a few crumbs attached. Cool in pan on a wire rack for 15 minutes; carefully invert onto rack and cool completely. 
 For the topping, combine brown sugar, butter, cream, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil, whisking until smooth. Remove from heat and whisk in vanilla. Let stand for 10 minutes before drizzling over cake and sprinkling with chopped pecans. Store leftovers in an airtight container at room temperature. 
 
 
 
Categories: Spice Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Cinnamon Recipes, Allspice Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Clove Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Nutmeg Recipes, Butter Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Dark brown sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Add category