Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Homemade_Ice_Cream

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   About the author 
 
 
 Description : 
 Have you ever wondered if there was a healthful alternative to the  Sugar  and preservative filled  ice   cream  you buy in the supermarkets? If you have or if you would truly like to try homemade  ice   cream  then this is for you. I have a recipe for  vanilla   ice   cream , that will knock your socks off when you taste it. 
The first thing you need to know is how to make your own 100% healthy and  natural vanilla extract . You might buy this from a good quality store if you can find an unadulterated brand. To make your own you’ll need about a quart of  milk , a  vanilla bean  (available at most health food stores), and a teaspoon of honey. You put the  milk  in a saucepan and heat on high while you slice the  vanilla bean  lengthwise and in half. Then put the halves of the  vanilla bean  into the  milk . Boil for around 15 to 20 minutes, then cook on medium heat for a half hour or until the  milk  has a thin sheet of film on top. 
 Stir the mixture constantly as it cooks to prevent burning. Cool the extract and freeze in a plastic bottle or container. This extract will last you for quite awhile since recipes call for only a few teaspoons each. You should-if you plan to make the  ice   cream  anytime soon- save a cup of the extract in a container in your refrigerator. Whenever you want to make more  ice   cream  just get the extract out of the freezer and thaw in the refrigerator until a few tablespoons or so are thawed, then refreeze the rest before it thaws out. 
 Now I’ll give you my  vanilla   ice   cream  recipe, follow the instructions carefully and you’ll get wonderful results. 
 Vanilla   Ice cream 
 You’ll need: 
 
 Ingredients : 
 3  eggs , with the  egg  whites and yolks separated 
 ½ cup  honey 
 4 cups  light cream 
 2 teaspoons  vanilla extract 
 Directions : 
 In a medium size bowl beat the yolks until smooth. 
 Gradually add honey, beating until well-blended and thick. 
 In a different small bowl beat the  egg  whites until stiff, stir beaten whites in with the yolk and honey. 
 Then add the  cream  and  egg  mixture together in a saucepan, cook on medium heat, stirring constantly for 15 minutes. 
 Stir in  vanilla extract , and either process in an  ice   cream  maker or just freeze in a bucket container overnight. 
 Serve with an  ice   cream  scoop. 
 This  ice cream  is rich, creamy, natural, and very healthy I’m sure you’ll enjoy it. 
 
 About the author : 
 Beth Scott may be contacted at  http://www.moreinfo247.com/8744660/FREE  sweetstuff245@hotmail.com
 Beth is a first time article writer, but really likes to write. Visit her website at:  http://www.moreinfo247.com/8744660/FREE 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, American Desserts, Ice cream Recipes, Add category