Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cream_of_Any_Vegetable_Soup

Description : 
 There are thousands of recipes for true cream of vegetable soups, but the differences among them are subtle at best. Basically, you cook the vegetable you want with good flavorings until it's done. Then you purée it and reheat it with cream. (The addition of rice or potatoes makes the soup smooth and creamy without outrageous amounts of cream.  One-quarter cup is enough to lighten the color and smooth the texture; one full cup lends an incompatible richness.)
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Source: How to Cook Everything 
 Typed by: Susan alexanderjamesmom@gmail.com 
 Time: 30 minutes 
 Makes 4 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 about 1 lb  broccoli , trimmed and cut up, to yield about 4 loosely packed cups broccoli, or the equivalent amount of  cauliflower ,  carrots ,  turnips ,  celery , or other vegetable 
 ½ cup  rice   or  1 medium baking  potato , peeled and cut into quarters 
 4 cups  chicken ,  beef , v  vegetable stock , or water 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 ½ to 1 cup  heavy   or   light cream   or   half-and-half 
 minced fresh  parsley  leaves  or   chives  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Combine the broccoli, rice or potato, and stock or water in a large, deep saucepan or casserole and turn the heat to medium-high. 
 Bring to a boil, then lower the heat to medium and cook until the vegetables are very tender, about 15 minutes. 
 Cool slightly, then puree in a food mill or in a blender. (You may prepare the soup in advance up to this point. Cover, refrigerate for up to 2 days, and reheat before proceeding). 
 Return to the pot and reheat over medium-low heat. 
 Season with salt and pepper, then add the cream; heat through again, garnish, and serve. 
 Options : 
 The original cooking liquid may be water or milk, but it's best if it is stock. 
 The cream may be replaced by milk or yogurt — but again, it's best if it is cream. 
 The seasonings can be varied infinitely:  Use whatever fresh herbs appeal to you, and take advantage of spices as well — garlic, of course, but also chiles and Indian and Asian spices. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Celery Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Potato Recipes, Rice Recipes, Add category