Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Moi-Moi


 
 Description : 
 Moi-Moi
 
 Ingredients : 
 2-3 cups dried cowpeas (black-eyed  Peas ) 
 1 tbsp dried  Shrimp  powder 
 1-2  tomatoes , (peeled if desired), chopped 
 1-2  onions , chopped 
 salt  and  black pepper  to taste 
 1  chili pepper , chopped, to taste 
 cayenne pepper  or red pepper, to taste 
 oil  to grease muffin tin 
 Optional Ingredients (a cup of one or more of the following):
 cooked  Shrimp , chopped 
 cooked  carrots , finely chopped 
 cooked  Peas 
 sweet green or red pepper ( bell pepper ) 
 hard-boiled  egg 
 dried, salted, or smoked ; washed, cleaned and torn into small pieces 
 dried  Shrimp  or prawns, washed and crushed 
 canned sardines 
 leftover cooked meat, cut into small pieces 
 dried or smoked meat, torn into small pieces 
 canned corned  Beef 
 Directions : 
 Clean the black-eyed  Peas  in  water  in a large pot. Cover them with boiling  water  and soak them overnight. After soaking them, rub them together between your hands to remove the skins. Rinse to wash away the skins and any other debris. Drain them in a colander. 
 Crush, grind, or mash the black-eyed  Peas  into a thick paste. Slowly add enough  water  to form a smooth, thick paste. Beat with a wire whisk or wooden spoon for a few minutes. A tablespoon of  oil  may be added. In a separate container combine all other ingredients and crush and stir them together until they are thoroughly mixed. Add the other ingredients to the  Black-eyed pea  paste and stir to make a smooth mixture.
 Grease the muffin pans (or tin cans). Scoop the Moi-Moi mixture into the pans, allowing some room for it to rise while cooking. Place the pans in a baking dish partially filled with  water . Bake in a medium-hot oven for about a half-hour. Moi-Moi in tin cans can also be steamed in a large covered pot on a stove. Check for doneness with a toothpick or sharp knife. Serve hot or at room temperature.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Black-eyed pea Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Congolese Recipes, Congolese Snacks, Fish Recipes, Pea Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Shrimp Recipes, Add category