Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_and_Garlic_Rice

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Prep: 25 Minutes | Cook: 1½ hours 
 Makes 4 main-dish servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 small bulb  garlic   [1] 
 2 teaspoons  olive oil   [2] 
 1¼ pounds boneless  beef chuck  roast, trimmed of fat and cut into ¾-inch cubes 
 1 tablespoon cooking  oil 
 1 x 14-ounce can  beef broth  (1¾ cups) 
 ½ cup  water 
 1 tablespoon  Worcestershire sauce 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  marjoram   or  (1 teaspoon dried  marjoram , crushed) 
 3 small  onions , cut into wedges, yellow only 
 2 cups  water 
 1 cup  long-grain rice 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 2 to 3 tablespoons snipped  chives , cut into 1-inch pieces 
 ¼ cup cold  water 
 2 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 2 tablespoons  balsamic vinegar   or  (2 ¾ tablespoons  red wine vinegar ) 
 Directions : 
 Remove papery outer layers from  garlic  bulb. 
 Cut off about ¼ inch from top of bulb, leaving the bulb intact but exposing the individual cloves. 
 Place  garlic  in center of a 12-inch square of foil. 
 Drizzle  garlic  with  olive oil . Seal foil around  garlic ; set aside. Preheat an oven to 325°F. 
 In an ovenproof Dutch oven, brown half the meat in hot cooking  oil . 
 Remove meat with slotted spoon; brown the remaining meat. 
 Drain off excess fat. Return all meat to the pot. 
 Mix up with the  beef broth , the ½ cup  water , the  worcestershire sauce , and dried  marjoram , if using. 
 Cover and bake along with wrapped  garlic  for 35 minutes. 
 Remove  garlic  from the oven and add  onion  wedges to meat in a pot. 
 Cover and cook about 55 minutes longer or until meat is just tender. After meat has baked about 1 hour, prepare  rice . 
 Squeeze  garlic  from half of the roasted cloves into a medium saucepan; mix up with 2 cups  water , the uncooked  rice , and the  salt  (refrigerate remaining roasted  garlic , covered, for another use; see note, below). 
 Bring to a boil; reduce heat. 
 Simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Remove from heat; let stand, covered, for 5 minutes. 
 Mix up with the  chives  (and bottled  garlic , if using). Remove meat from oven. 
 In a small bowl or cup, stir the ¼ cup cold  water  into  cornstarch ; add  vinegar  and mix until well combined. 
 Add to  beef  along with fresh  marjoram , if using. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly. 
 Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Serve with  garlic   rice . 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Any leftover roasted  garlic  can be wrapped and refrigerated for a few days and used as a spread on toasted  French bread  slices, added to mashed  potatoes  or a  salad dressing , or tossed with roasted vegetables. 
 
 ↑   If desired, substitute 1 to 2 tablespoons bottled roasted minced  garlic  for the  garlic  bulb and  olive oil . Add bottled  garlic  to  rice  along with the  chives . 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Beef chuck and blade Recipes, Chives Recipes, French bread Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Marjoram Recipes, Onion Recipes, Potato Recipes, Meat Recipes, Herb Recipes, World Recipes, Beef Recipes, Rice Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Breakfast Recipes, Add category