Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Liechtensteiner_Cuisine


 
 
 Browse All Liechtensteiner Recipes :  Liechtensteiner Appetizers  |  Liechtensteiner Beverages  |  Liechtensteiner Soups  |  Liechtensteiner Salads  |  Liechtensteiner Vegetarian  |  Liechtensteiner Meat Dishes  |  Liechtensteiner Snacks  |  Liechtensteiner Desserts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This article is a stub! This article doesn't contain enough information. If you know anything about Liechtensteiner Cuisine,  please add to this article! 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Liechtenstein - Cooking and Food 
 2   Overview of Liechtensteiner Cuisine History 
 3   Cuisines of Liechtenstein 
 4   Preparation Methods for Liechtensteiner Cooking 
 5   Special Equipment for Liechtensteiner Cooking 
 6   People in Liechtensteiner Food 
 
 
 Liechtenstein - Cooking and Food : 
 Overview of Liechtensteiner Cuisine History : 
 The Principality of Liechtenstein is situated in Central Europe between Switzerland in the west and Austria in the east. Liechtensteiner cuisine is influenced by its neighbors' cuisines, that’s what makes Liechtensteiner cuisine diverse. However Liechtensteiner cuisine is very similar to French and Swiss cuisines. Liechtensteiner main dishes include small dumplings with cheese, brawn and ribel grain. In Liechtensteiner cuisine can be found a large variety of cheese dishes and the main ingredients of a local dish is cheese, meat and vegetables. As for meat people from Liechtensteiner prefer  pork  meat and  pork  products such as smoked  bacon  or  ham  and schnitzels. There are numerous Liechtensteiner recipes adapted after French cuisine which require special ingredients such as  cinnamon ,  vanilla ,  tomatoes , green beans, béchamel and velout. There is also a large variety of fruits and vegetables used in Liechtenstein like  tomatoes , potatoes, onions, muff cabbage,  garlic , olives, pears, and apples.
 
 Cuisines of Liechtenstein : 
       Map of Liechtenstein - Click to enlarge     
 Traditional Liechtensteiner meals include cheese, meat, whiskey, and bread. A main source of diet is Rebi made with  cornmeal  or a mixture of half  cornmeal  and half  semolina  and usually served with the main dish. Because French influences were very well adapted in Liechtensteiner cuisine cheese remained an important ingredient mostly if it’s cooked after local recipes as Saukerkas, a local cheese. Other original dishes include Hafalaab, a dish made from  wheat flour  and  cornmeal  dumplings, with smoked  Bacon  or  Ham  in a broth. As well schnitzels, smoked  Pork  and  sauerkraut  stews; cheese, meat, vegetable fondues, as  asparagus  which is one of the most popular vegetable, and a number of delicious deserts such as fruit-filled pancakes, rich pastries and cakes are some of the delicious Liechtensteiner recipes which make its cuisine very interesting and very tasty. Although there are numerous recipes adapted after main central European cuisine, Liechtensteiner cuisine is seems to be original and mouth watering.
 
 Preparation Methods for Liechtensteiner Cooking : 
 Liechtensteiner cuisine uses elements from various cooking traditions borrowed from their neighbors and developed from their own traditional dishes. While there are no specific or unique preparation methods for Liechtensteiner cooking, we should point out that attention to detail is important in the Liechtensteiner cuisine. Using the right amount of spices for example is essential – either for spicing up the taste or for coloring the dish. The diversity of vegetables and  cereals  found in Liechtenstein is also noticed in the delicious dishes belonging to their cuisine. The visual attractiveness of the dish is also important, and a balance between colors and proportion differentiates. Each traditional dish has a special cooking method, which is more or less general in all of Liechtenstein's regions. Meat is one of the main elements of most Liechtensteiner dishes and cured and smoked hams are often parts of delicious dishes.
 
 Special Equipment for Liechtensteiner Cooking : 
 Ranging from cake pans, can openers, colanders,  egg  rings, poachers and holders, food dishers and portioners, food pans and food containers to other kitchen utensils, such as food scales, food scoops and fryer baskets and accessories, the Liechtensteiner cuisine needs a diverse cooking equipment set in order to produce the most sophisticated Liechtensteiner dishes. You should consider insulated food carriers if you are transporting the food and a full set of kitchen linens and uniforms if you wish to look like a pro. Here are a few other items that will come handy while cooking Liechtensteiner food: juicers, kitchen knives, kitchen slicers, kitchen thermometers, measuring cups and measuring spoons, miscellaneous utensils, mixing bowls and skimmers and strainers. Essential utensils like serving spoons, spatulas, forks, turners, scrapers and tongs should al holidays people gather around and serve traditional dishes and drinks. The most common dishes served on national celebrations are Spatzi, Alperrosti or Asparugus Canapes appetizer.
 
 People in Liechtensteiner Food : 
 Are you into Liechtensteiner Cooking and want to be interviewed? 
 There are many chefs who creatively use the basic ingredients and cooking method for traditional Liechtensteiner dishes and create original and delicious food variations. Liechtensteiner chefs are passionate about their traditional dishes and they enjoy presenting them to foreigners who have never tasted them before. Whether they are cooking dishes that go back in time for centuries or brand new, modern dishes, Liechtensteiner chefs take pride in what they do, and this is readily noticeable in the unforgettable taste of their cooking.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fe/Stub.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20200218045116', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/58/Map_of_Liechtenstein.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20080516004248']
Categories: Liechtensteiner Cuisine, European Cuisine, Add category