Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_round

Name Variations : 
 beef rump 
 About beef round : 
 Beef round  is a medium-tender, medium-fine grained and boneless cut of a beef with obvious variation in tenderness throughout the rump. Beef rump is lean with a fat quantity on one side. Beef rump is generally used for mincing, stewing, or in the production of stocks, soups and sauces. Beef rump has three main cuts such as  Eye of the Rump , Centre Cut and the Cap of Rump. Eye of Rump is a short, lean, log-shaped cut used for pan-frying, char-grilling or the barbecue. Eye of Rump is the tenderest cut of the rump and it is usually roasted whole. Centre Rump is a compact, chunky piece and it is thicker than the rump eye. The Centre Rump is generally used for roasting although it is less tender than the eye cut. Rump Cap is a plane, almost triangular piece, thinner at one end with a coarser grain, and is the least tender of all the beef rump’s cuts. Rump cap is used for preparing schnitzels, diced for stewing, or cut into braising pieces. Rump Cap can also be marinated in an acid-based mixture to help in tenderizing and served thinly sliced in warm salads.
 A  round  steak is a steak from the round primal cut of a beef carcass, known as a rump steak in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. Specifically, a round steak is the eye (of) round, bottom round, and top round still connected, with or without the "round" bone (femur), and may include the knuckle (sirloin tip), depending on how the round is separated from the loin. This is a lean cut and it is moderately tough. Lack of fat and marbling makes round dry out when cooked with dry-heat cooking methods like roasting or grilling. Round steak is commonly prepared with slow moist-heat methods including braising, to tenderize the meat and maintain moisture. The cut is often sliced thin, then dried or smoked at low temperature to make jerky.
 Rump cover, with its thick layer of accompanying fat, is considered one of the best (and most flavorful) beef cuts in many South American countries, particularly Brazil and Argentina. This specific cut does not tend to be found elsewhere, however.
 
 Beef round Recipes : 
 Beef silverside Recipes 
 Beef topside Recipes 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef round, Add category