Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Useful_kitchen_tips...

Description : 
 Hi friends,
 The following are some useful tips for you to help you in the kitchen ... 
 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 Useful Kitchen Tips... : 
 Make a soft fluffy omelet : Heat a non-stick pan and add a little more butter than usual. Now beat the egg and stir briskly (even while frying) with a fork. This way more air goes in your omelet, making it light and fluffy. Fry till done and serve hot. 
 Prevent onions from burning, frying : Add a little milk to onions while frying, this will help retain a rich color and prevent them from burning. 
 Cook pulses like chana etc. even if you have forgotten to soak them overnight : Just put the chana in a flask full of boiling water for an hour. They are ready for cooking. 
 Okra will not stick to the vessel : Adding a spoonful of curd to the Okra while cooking while ensure that they do not stick to the vessel or turn black. 
 To remove excess oil in any fried vegetables : Sprinkle a little gram flour over the vegetables. Gram flour absorbs the excess oil and makes the vegetable tastier. 
 Curry turned out a bit oily and pungent :Take two bread slices and powder them coarsely. Add this to the curry and mix well. Bread absorbs the excess oil and spice. 
 Hurry to cook 'dal' ? : Add a little oil and turmeric powder to the dal before placing it in the cooker. It will get done in 10 minutes flat. 
 Boil potatoes faster : Peel and cut potatoes and boil them in water to which a little vinegar is added . They will be done in no time and will retain the texture as well. 
 Retain the green of vegetables : Green vegetables lose color if subjected to continuous heat. So, don't overcook them. 
 Boiling pasta and noodles : Boil pasta/noodles in plenty of water and remove just before it is fully cooked. They continue to be cooked even after it is removed from flame and drained. 
 Serving boiled noodles later : If noodles/pasta has to be used after some time, then refresh the boiled noodles in cold water and drain. This way they will not stick to each other. 
 Instant lemonade : Pour lemon juice with sugar and a little salt into ice trays, to make cubes which can be used for instant lemonade. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Add category