Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ginger_Tamarind_Eggplant


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/2-inch-round ball  tamarind 
 1/4 c -Boiling  water 
 1 lb Thin, long  Eggplant 
 3 tb Light  vegetable oil 
 1 1/2 ts Minced  garlic 
 2 ts Ground coriander 
 1/4 ts Ground  cinnamon 
 1/8 ts Ground cloves 
 1/2 c Packed flaked  coconut  -- fresh or canned, -- unsweetened 
 1 ts  cayenne pepper  (or more) 
 1/2 ts  coarse salt ; or to taste 
 2 tb Unsulphured  molasses  -OR-  brown sugar 
 1/2 ts  black mustard seeds 
 Ginger- tamarind sauce 
 
 - tamarind  residue from above 
 1/2 c -Boiling  water 
 1/2 ts  cornstarch 
 1 tb Shredded  fresh ginger 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Put the  tamarind  in a nonmetallic bowl. Add 1/4 cup boiling  water  and let it soak for 30 minutes. Mash the pulp and extract as much juice from it as possible. Pour all liquid into a bowl, and save the fibrous residue for making the sauce. 
 Slit the  Eggplants  lengthwise to within 3/4 inch of the stem end so that each  Eggplant  remains in one piece. 
 Measure out the spices and place them right next to the stove in separate piles. Heat 2 tablespoons of the  oil  in a large frying pan or skillet over medium-high heat for 1 minute. Add the  garlic  and fry for 30 seconds. Add the coriander,  cinnamon , and cloves; fry for 15 more seconds. Stir in the  coconut  and  cayenne pepper ; continue frying, stirring, until lightly toasted (about 2 minutes). Turn off the heat and stir in the  salt ,  tamarind  liquid, and  molasses , and mix well. 
 Stuff the  Eggplants  with the spicy  coconut  mixture. Secure them by wrapping thread around them. 
 Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon  oil  in the same pan over medium-high heat. When it is hot, add  mustard seeds . Keep a pot lid handy, as the seeds may spatter and fly all over. When the seeds stop spattering, add the  Eggplants  in one layer. Fry the  Eggplants , turning them often, for 3 or 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium or medium low and cook them, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes or until they are soft and cooked through. Turn off heat. Transfer them to a serving platter, pour Ginger- tamarind sauce  over them, and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Afghan Recipes, Afghan Vegetarian, Black mustard seed Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category