Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggplant_Kuku

Description : 
 Persian Eggplant. This smells heavenly as it cooks. You can add more  garlic  if you like. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large  eggplants   or  6 small  eggplants , peeled and cut into thin strips 
 1  egg white , lightly beaten 
 ½ cup  vegetable oil ,  butter  or  ghee 
 2 large  onions , peeled and thinly sliced 
 4 cloves  garlic , peeled and crushed 
 4  eggs 
 4 tablespoons chopped fresh  parsley 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  saffron  threads, dissolved in 1 tablespoon hot  water 
 limes , juice of 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 1 tablespoon  all-purpose flour 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Peel the  eggplants , cut them lengthwise in quarters if they are large, and  salt  them to remove bitternes if necessary. 
 Brush each side of the  eggplant  pieces with egg white to reduce the  oil  needed for frying. 
 In a skillet, heat 4 tablespoons  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add the  onion  and stir-fry for 10 minutes, until translucent. 
 Add the  eggplant  and  garlic  and stir-fry 10 minutes longer, until all sides are lightly golden brown. 
 Remove from heat and allow to cool. 
 Preheat the oven to 350 °F. 
 Pour 4 tablespoons of  oil  into an 8-inch baking dish lined with parchment paper. 
 Break the  eggs  into a large bowl. 
 Add the  parsley ,  saffron   water ,  lime juice ,  baking powder ,  flour ,  salt , and  pepper . 
 Beat thoroughly with a fork. 
 Add the  eggplant ,  onion  and  garlic  and mix thoroughly. 
 Pour the mixture into the dish and bake uncovered for 45 to 50 minutes, until the edge is golden brown. 
 Serve the kuku from the baking dish or unmold it by loosening the edge with a knife and inverting the dish onto a serving platter. 
 Remove the parchment paper. 
 
 
 
Categories: Clarified butter Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Eggplant Side Dish Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Persian Vegetarian, Recipes that need photos, Saffron Recipes, Add category