Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Austrian_Savory_Meat_Strudel

Description : 
 1 hour preparation 
 Makes 1 Strudel / 5 servings. 
       Austrian Savory Meat Strudel     
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb  ground round , best quality lean 
 1 lb  ground pork , leanest you can find (grinding your own is the very best idea here) 
 3 – 4  yellow onions , chopped 
 1  jalapeno pepper , seeded and diced fine 
 1  red pepper , seeded and diced fine 
 2 tablespoons  clarified butter 
 1 sprig fresh  thyme 
 2 – 3 leaves fresh  savory 
 1 sprig fresh  rosemary 
 1 – 2 tablespoon plain  bread crumbs 
 ¼ cup  white wine  (substitute chick broth if no wine at hand) 
 8 ounces  sour cream 
 1  egg , beaten 
 salt ,  pepper 
 1 teaspoon  paprika , Hungarian 
 3 tablespoons fresh curly-leaf  parsley , finely chopped 
 1 lb frozen  phyllo dough , thawed 
 butter , melted, as needed 
 Directions : 
 Sauté chopped  onion  and  peppers  in  clarified butter  until translucent. 
 Add ground meat and  bread crumbs  and brown well. 
 Deglaze by adding  wine  (or  chicken broth ). 
 Stir and allow alcohol to dissipate. 
 Transfer meat mixture to large bowl and allow to cool slightly. 
 Season with fresh herbs,  salt ,  pepper  and  paprika ; add  sour cream  and beaten  egg , mixing thoroughly. 
 Allow mixture to cool completely in  refrigerator , about 15 – 30 minutes. 
 Unwrap  phyllo dough  and lay flat on a damp towel, covering with a second damp towel. 
 Transfer  phyllo , one sheet at a time to a third damp towel, brushing each sheet with melted  butter . 
 Do not  butter  the last sheet of  phyllo  after transferring it to the stack. 
 Remove meat mixture from refrigerator and spoon onto lower ⅔ of the  phyllo dough  rectangle, leaving room at the edges all the way round. 
 Fold short ends of the rectangle in over meat mixture. 
 Brush long end of  phyllo  with beaten  egg  mixture. 
 Grab moist towel on one side and use it to lift and roll the package into a strudel (roll), pinching the egged end to seal. 
 Transfer the strudel, seal side down, to a well-greased baking sheet. 
 Brush entire strudel with remaining egg wash. 
 Transfer sheet to preheated 400°F oven and bake 45 minutes until crisp and golden brown. 
 Transfer strudel to cutting board, allow it to rest 5 – 10 minutes before slicing. 
 Serve with a caesar or a composed salad for a delicious taste treat. 
 Makes a great luncheon or brunch dish, too. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/41/1102373022.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004332']
Categories: Austrian Meat Dishes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Egg Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Add category