Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Homemade_Veal_Stock

Desription : 
 Yield: 10 to 12 cups, depending on how long stock is simmered. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Bouquet Garni : 
 3 sprigs  thyme 
 2 sprigs  rosemary 
 3  parsley  stems 
 10 whole  peppercorns 
 1  bay leaf 
 2 whole  cloves 
 Veal stock : 
 2 teaspoons  vegetable oil  (10 ml) 
 4 pounds  veal  bones or  beef  bones, cut or cracked by butcher (1.4 kg) 
 2  onions , each cut into 8 sections 
 2  carrots , cut into 1-inch pieces 
 2 stalks  celery , cut into 1-inch pieces 
 1 large  leek , washed and cut into thick slices 
 6 whole cloves  garlic , peeled 
 20 cups cold water (4 litres) 
 Directions : 
 Bouquet Garni : 
 Add thyme, rosemary, parsley, peppercorns, bay leaf and cloves to a piece of cheesecloth. 
 Bring ends together. 
 Twist ends and secure with string. 
 Veal stock : 
 Preheat oven to 450°F. 
 Add oil into large roasting pan. 
 Add bones and roast in lower rack of oven until golden brown, about 20 to 30 minutes. 
 Stir often to ensure even browning. 
 Add vegetables and continue to roast for until vegetables are golden brown and bones are well browned, about 15 minutes. 
 Transfer bones and vegetables to a large stockpot and cover with cold water. 
 Add bouquet garni. 
 Use a little water to fully deglaze the roasting pan to get maximum flavour from pan bits stuck to the bottom. 
 Transfer to stockpot. 
 Bring to a boil over high heat and skim fat off the top with a slotted spoon. 
 As soon as stock begins to boil, reduce heat to a gentle simmer. 
 Simmer for 2½ to 4 hours depending on how concentrated you want to your veal stock. 
 Strain the stock through a fine sieve. 
 Chill as rapidly as possible. 
 Transfer strained stock into shallow pans so the stock will cool quicker. 
 It is easier to skim off the fat once stock has cooled since the fat solidifies and is easier to scrape off. 
 Store in small containers in freezer until ready to use. 
 Skim fat off top before using. 
 Store in refrigerate for 2 days or freeze. 
 
 
 
Categories: Veal stock and broth Recipes, Bouquet garni Recipes, Onion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Leek Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category