Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Patterned_Soups

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Watercress soup 
 2.2   Carrot soup 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 This is one of my signature dishes - I've been using it since the 80's. I found the recipe in one of the local supermarkets own cookbooks, used it to acclaim and it made me famous, with people I hardly knew actually coming up to me and asking me how to do it. (I come from a very backward town!) Very easy, very pretty and unusual and well worth the effort. Oh, and it tastes good, too. On one side of the plate you've got green watercress soup and the other an orange carrot soup. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Watercress soup : 
 3 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 225 g finely chopped  onions 
 600 ml  vegetable stock  or  water 
 1 bunch  watercress , chopped (approxmixately 100 g. This is a guess because watercress here is simply sold in bunches!) 
 1 small  potato , diced (about 125 g / 4 oz) 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon dried  thyme 
 Carrot soup : 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 100 g  onions , finely chopped 
 600 ml  vegetable stock  or  water 
 350 g  carrots , thinly sliced 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon  dill seeds 
 milk , a little (for both soups) 
 Directions : 
 You can make this soup 1 – 2 days in advance and chill until required. 
 Make both soups in the same way. 
 Heat the  oil  in a saucepan over a low heat and cook the  onion  for 15 minutes until tender, stirring frequently to prevent  browning . 
 Add the  vegetable stock , watercress and  potato  or the  carrots ,  salt  and  thyme  or  dill . 
 Bring to the boil. 
 Simmer for 15 – 20 minutes. 
 Blend in a liquidizer or food processor (or you could, if you really, really had to, push it through a sieve!) 
 Add enough  milk  to each soup to give a thick pouring consistency (I don't find it necessary to add much  milk ). 
 When ready to serve, reheat both soups in separate saucepans. 
 Pour into separate jugs or use saucepans with lips. 
 Carefully pour at the same time with each jug into either size of 6 shallow soup bowls so that each soup fills one half of the plate. 
 This won't be an even divide. 
 Pour a little  cream  along the line of the divide and give it a garnish of chopped  chives , is so wished. 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Chives Recipes, Dill seed Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Onion Recipes, Potato Recipes, Tahitian Soups, Thyme Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Watercress Recipes, Add category