Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ainsley%27s_Jerk_Chicken

Ainsley's Jerk Chicken  recipe is Ainsley Harriott's take on the Caribbean  Jerk Chicken . ‘Jerking’ is all about maximizing flavor. You can use either a dry rub or a wet marinade, which means that you can use the flavors in such a variety of dishes, from meat or fish to vegetables or grains. Traditionally, the mix will include allspice and Scotch bonnet chilies, but the spices can be adapted to taste. If you prefer, you can use four chicken breasts with the skin on and cook on the barbecue for 15–20 minutes.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1.5kg chicken, backbone removed and spatchcocked (ask your butcher to do this) 
 Mixed salad or coleslaw, to serve 
 225g of onions, peeled and quartered 
 2 of small Scotch bonnet chillies, halved and de-seeded 
 50g of fresh root ginger, peeled and roughly chopped 
 3-cm piece of fresh turmeric root, peeled and roughly chopped (or use 1 tbsp ground turmeric) 
 ½ tsp of ground allspice 
 15g of fresh thyme leaves 
 120ml of white wine vinegar 
 120ml of dark soy sauce 
 Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper 
 Barbecue with a lid 
 Directions : 
 First, make the marinade. Place all the ingredients, except the seasoning, into a food processor and pulse until smooth.
 Season with a little salt and a generous grinding of black pepper.
 Cut slashes into the smooth side of the spatchcocked chicken so that the marinade can penetrate the flesh and place the chicken in a shallow dish. Pour over the marinade and rub well into the meat. Cover and chill for at least 2–3 hours, or preferably overnight, turning every now and then.
 Preheat a barbecue with a lid and take the chicken out of the fridge to come up to room temperature.
 Cook the chicken on the hot barbecue with the lid down for 40–50 minutes, turning occasionally and basting with any leftover marinade, until the juices run clear when the thickest part of the thigh is pierced with a thin metal skewer.
 Remove the chicken from the heat and rest for a few minutes, then serve with a simple mixed salad or a traditional crunchy coleslaw.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Add category