Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pan_de_Muerto

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 3/4 cup lukewarm  water 
 4 tsp  active dry yeast 
 1 cup Earth Balance or other vegan  margarine , melted and cooled to room temperature 
 1/2 cup  brown sugar 
 1 lb medium  firm tofu , pureed until smooth 
 1 tbsp  orange  blossom or  rose water 
 1 tbsp  orange  or  lemon  zest 
 1 tsp  salt 
 up to 2 1/2 cups  whole wheat flour 
 up to 2 1/2 cups  unbleached flour 
 
 1 tbsp  soy milk 
 
 2 tbsp  brown sugar 
 1 tsp  cinnamon 
 Directions : 
 Mix the  yeast  with the warm  water  and let sit for five minutes. Stir in the melted Earth Balance, the pureed  tofu , the  Sugar , the  orange  blossom or  rose water , the zest, the  salt  and 1 1/2 cups of each  flour . Add the remaining  flour , 1/2 cup at a time, alternating between the whole  Wheat  and the unbleached, until the dough forms a sticky ball. Turn this onto a lightly floured board and knead for about 10 minutes, adding more  flour  as necessary to prevent sticking. Place in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with a clean cloth. Allow to rise in a warm spot until it has doubled in size -- about 90 minutes. 
 
 Punch the dough down and knead a couple of times. Lightly  oil  baking sheets (I used two pizza pans), and form the dough into two round loaves. You can break off a bit of dough and roll it into long snakes or strips to form skull shapes or bone shapes to arrange on top of the loaves, if you like. Let these loaves rise for 45 minutes to 1 hour on the pans, preheat your oven to 375 F, then brush the loaves with the 1 tbsp of  soy milk  and bake for 30-40 minutes.
 
 Remove the loaves from the oven, brush with a little extra melted Earth Balance, and immediately sprinkle with the  brown sugar  and  cinnamon  mixture. Serve warm with small cups of hot  chocolate  (see below) for dipping.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Unbleached flour Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Rose water Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Wheat Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Add category