Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fatayer_Sbanikh


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 -- Dough: 
 500g (1 lb 2oz)  plain flour 
 150ml (¼ pint)  olive oil 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1½ teaspoon  dry yeast  soaked in 250ml (9fl oz) of warm  water 
 -- Filling: 
 250g (9oz) fresh  spinach , finely chopped 
 1 medium  Onion , finely chopped 
 50g (2oz)  pine nuts 
 1 tablespoon *sumac 
 juice of 1  lemon 
 1 teaspoon  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 First soak the  dry yeast  in 250ml (9fl oz) warm  water . Set aside for 5 minutes. 
 Place the  salt  and  flour  in a large mixing bowl and stir to combine. Make a well in the centre of the  flour . Next add the  olive oil  to the  yeast , mix well then pour this mixture gradually into the well of the  flour . 
 Knead for 15 minutes until you achieve a wet dough, which is soft, and not sticking to the bowl. Brush a little  olive oil  on the surface. Cover with cloth and leave in a warm place for 1-1½ hours, or until the dough doubles in size. 
 Heat the  oil  in a medium pan and fry the  pine nuts  on medium heat until slightly browned. Drain on paper towel and set aside. 
 Chop  spinach  and  Onion  finely or place in blender separately, squeeze out excess  water  and set aside. Fry the chopped  Onion  on high heat for 2 minutes, then add the  spinach  and stir for 3 minutes until  spinach  is wilted. 
 Add sumac,  salt ,  pepper ,  lemon juice  and  pine nuts . Mix well then remove from heat. Set aside in pan. 
 Roll out the dough into 1 cm (½ inch) thickness. Next cut out 9 cm (3½ inch) squares (cover any unused dough). Add 1 teaspoon of the filling onto the centre of dough squares and fold corner to corner and pinch tightly. (see above illustration). 
 Lay the  spinach  parcels on a greased shallow baking tray measuring approx 40 x 28 cm (16 x 11 inches) tray and brush the surface of each parcel with  olive oil . Preheat oven to180 °C (350 °F) Gas mark 4 for five minutes and bake for 10–15 minutes or until golden brown. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Recipes, Arabian Snacks, Spinach Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category