Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sunday_Pork_Chop_Dinner

Sunday Pork Chop Dinner
 4 servings
 
 
    1-1/2 pounds lamb or veal, cut into 2-inch cubes                
   3 tablespoons vegetable oil                                     
   1 teaspoon salt                                                 
   1/8 teaspoon pepper                                             
   1/2 bay leaf                                                    
   1-1/2 cups water                                                
   4 medium onions, peeled, chunked                                
   4 medium carrots, peeled, chunked                               
   Dumplings:                                                      
   1-1/3 cups flour, sifted                                        
   1 teaspoon salt                                                 
   2 teaspoons baking powder                                       
   1 egg                                                           
   1/2 cup milk                                                    
 
 Heat oil in cooker. Add lamb or veal cubes and brown evenly. Add
salt, pepper, bay leaf, and water. Lock lid and bring to full
pressure. Reduce heat, maintaining pressure, and cook for 5 minutes.
 
 Quick-release pressure.  Add onions and carrots.  Wipe inside of lid
 
 with a paper towel to remove excess moisture. Replace lid and bring
to full pressure. Reduce heat, maintaining pressure and cook for 8
minutes. Quick-release pressure.
 Meanwhile, make dumplings: Sift flour with baking powder and salt. 
Beat the egg and combine with the milk in a separate bowl. Add the
egg mixture to the flour mixture and combine to form a sticky dough. 
Drop dumpling batter from spoon over the simmering stew in cooker.
Cook uncovered for 5 minutes. Cover (but don't lock lid), and steam
for 5 minutes. Remove dumplings to a hot platter.
 Thicken gravy by blending 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour with 1/3 cup
cold water until smooth. Gradually stir into boiling stock, stirring
constantly. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until gravy is smooth and
thickened. 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Add category