Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rockport_Fish_Chowder

Description : 
 Low fat milk and clam juice are the secrets to the lower fat and saturated fat content of this satisfying supper soup. Serve this chowder as an appetizer or meal in itself and eat like an admiral on a health cruise. 
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  Keep the Beat: Heart Healthy Recipes , National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute 
 Yield: 8 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 ¼ cup  onion , coarsely chopped 
 ½ cup  celery , coarsely chopped 
 1 cup  carrots , sliced 
 2 cup  potatoes , raw, peeled, cubed 
 ¼ tsp  thyme 
 ½ tsp  paprika 
 2 cup bottled  clam juice 
 8 whole  peppercorns 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 lb fresh or frozen (and thawed)  cod  or  haddock  fillets, cut into ¾" cubes 
 ¼ cup  flour 
 3 cups  low-fat milk 
 1 tbsp fresh  parsley , chopped 
 Directions : 
 Heat the oil in large saucepan. 
 Add onion and celery, and saute for about 3 minutes. 
 Add carrots, potatoes, thyme, paprika, and clam broth. 
 Wrap peppercorns and bay leaf in cheese cloth. 
 Add to pot. 
 Bring to boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes, then add fish and simmer for an added 15 minutes or until fish flakes easily and is opaque. 
 Remove fish and vegetables. 
 Break fish into chunks. 
 Bring broth to boil and continue boiling until volume is reduced to 1 cup. 
 Remove bay leaf and peppercorns. 
 Shake flour and ½ cup low-fat milk in container with tight-fitting lid until smooth. 
 Add to broth in saucepan, along with remaining milk. 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture boils and is thickened. 
 Return vegetables and fish chunks to stock and heat thoroughly. 
 Serve hot, sprinkled with chopped parsley. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per 1 cup serving: 
 
 186 Calories | 6g Total fat | 1g Saturated fat | 34mg Cholesterol | 302mg Sodium | 18g Carbs | 2g Total fiber | 15g Protein 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Chowder Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Potato Recipes, Clam juice Recipes, Cod Recipes, Haddock Recipes, Low-fat milk Recipes, Add category