Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Olive_and_Rosemary_Focaccia

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/2 cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 cup  semolina , plus more for dusting 
 1 ( 1/4-oz.) pkg. quick-rising  yeast 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp.  granulated sugar 
 2 tsp.  olive oil 
 Topping 
 Directions : 
 1. In food processor fitted with metal blade, combine  flour ,  semolina ,  yeast ,  salt  and  Sugar ; pulse on/off to mix. In measuring cup, combine 2/3 cup hot  water  (120F to 130F) and  oil . With motor running, gradually pour hot liquid through food processor feed tube. Process until dough forms a ball, then process 1 minute to knead. The dough should be quite soft. If it seems dry, add 1 to 2 tablespoons warm  water ; if too sticky, add 1 to 2 tablespoons  flour . Transfer dough to lightly floured surface and knead a few times. Coat sheet of plastic wrap with  cooking spray  and place, sprayed side down, over dough. Let dough rest 20 to 30 minutes.
 
 2. Place baking stone or inverted baking sheet on bottom rack of oven to heat. Preheat oven to 450F. (Heat baking stone 25 minutes before baking; heat baking sheet for 10 minutes. )
 
 3. Coat another baking sheet with  cooking spray  and dust with  semolina . On lightly floured surface, roll dough into 16 x 12-inch rectangle. Sprinkle and 2 teaspoons  rosemary  over half of rectangle. Fold dough in half to enclose and form a 12 x 8-inch rectangle. Press edges together to seal. Roll dough into 15 x 11-inch rectangle, about 1/4 inch thick. Transfer dough to prepared baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and let rise 20 minutes.
 
 4. In small bowl, combine 1 tablespoon  oil  and 1 tablespoon  water . Brush  oil  mixture over top of focaccia. Sprinkle with remaining 2 teaspoons  rosemary . Dip your fingertips in any remaining  oil  mixture and press dough to form dimples in focaccia. Pinch and pleat rim to finish edges. Place baking sheet on heated baking stone and bake until bottom of crust is golden and crisp, 10 to 20 minutes. Transfer to cutting board and use pizza cutter to cut into 8 rectangles. Serve warm or at room temperature. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Semolina Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category