Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Thanksgiving_No_Turkey_%22Turkey%22

Description : 
 Thanksgiving 'No-Turkey' Turkey from Recipes Wiki—original source of recipe, licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License
 
 Prep time : 60 to 75 minutes to bake 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs whole grain  bread 
 2 tbsp  margarine 
 2  carrot 
 2  celery  stalk 
 1 large  onion 
 fresh ground  black pepper 
 ¼ cup  parsley 
 1 tsp  sage 
 ½ cup  Egg Beaters  real egg product 
 ½ cup  vegetable broth 
 2 lbs chicken flavored  seitan 
 1 cup  Brown Gravy 
 1 pack sheet frozen  puff pastry 
 Directions : 
 Break bread into 1-inch chunks. Dry in a large bowl, uncovered, for at least 8 hours. 
 Melt margarine in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Add carrot, celery and onion; saute, stirring frequently, until lightly browned. 
 Transfer to a large mixing bowl; cool to lukewarm. 
 Add pepper, bread cubes, parsley, sage, egg substitute, or egg Replacer, and broth or water. 
 Toss to combine; set aside at least 30 minutes to allow liquids to soak into bread. 
 Preheat  oven  to 400°F. 
 Line a baking sheet with heavy-duty foil; spray foil with nonstick cooking spray. 
 Brush seitan with gravy on both sides; arrange overlapping slices on foil in a row, mounding in center. 
 Press stuffing mixture around seitan to cover completely. 
 Wet hands lightly, and press into a neat oval. 
 Roll pastry sheets out to 1/16-inch thickness; arrange, overlapping slightly, to make a large rectangle. 
 Seal edges with dabs of cold  water . 
 Drape pastry over mound; trim excess away around bottom. 
 Use scraps to cut out decorative shapes (leaves, apples, etc.). 
 Attach with dabs of cold water. 
 For a shiny crust, brush pastry lightly with  skim milk  or  soymilk . 
 Bake 1 to 1¼ hours, covering pastry with foil if it browns too much. 
 Transfer "turkey" to a platter. 
 To serve, cut straight down through  pastry ,  stuffing  and seitan to make neat ¾-inch slices. 
 Spoon gravy over each serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Seitan Recipes, Puff pastry Recipes, Vegan holiday Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Onion Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category