Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pressure_Cooker_Cranberry_Bread_Pudding

Ingredients
4 beaten eggs 
2 cups milk 
1/2 cup granulated sugar 
1 teaspoon vanilla 
3 cups dry bread cubes* 
1/3 cup dried cranberries, dried cherries, or raisins 
1-1/2 cups water 
 
  Bourbon Sauce (recipe follows) or whipped cream (optional) 
 
 1/3 cups chopped pecans or walnuts (optional) 
 Directions
1. Grease a 1-1/2-quart souffle dish. Tear off two 20x2-inch pieces of
heavy foil. Crisscross the strips and place dish in the center. 
 2. In a bowl beat together the eggs, milk, sugar, and vanilla using a
wire whisk. Place bread cubes and dried cranberries in prepared dish.
Pour egg mixture over bread mixture and cover with foil. 
 3. Place rack and 1-1/2 cups water in a 4- or 6-quart pressure cooker.
Bringing up the foil strips, lift the ends of the strips and transfer
dish into the cooker. Fold ends of foil strips over the top of the dish. 
 4. Lock lid in place. Place pressure regulator on vent pipe. Over high
heat, bring cooker up to pressure. Reduce heat just enough to maintain
pressure and pressure regulator rocks gently; cook for 25 minutes. 
 5. Allow pressure to come down naturally. Carefully remove lid. 
 6. Using foil strips, lift bread pudding out of the cooker. Remove
foil. Place on a wire rack and cool 15 minutes. Serve warm or cover
and chill up to 24 hours. If desired, serve with Bourbon Sauce or
whipped cream and sprinkle with nuts. Makes 6 servings. 
 Bourbon Sauce: In a saucepan melt 1/4 cup margarine or butter. Remove
from heat and stir in 1/2 cup sugar. Stir together 1 egg yolk and 2
tablespoons water. Add to sugar mixture, stirring constantly. Cook and
stir over medium-low heat for 4 to 5 minutes or until sugar dissolves
and mixture just begins to bubble. Remove from heat. Stir in 2
tablespoons bourbon. Serve warm. Makes about 3/4 cup. 
 
 Note: To dry bread cubes, start with about 3-1/2 cups (4-1/2 slices). 
 Spread in a single layer in a shallow baking pan. Bake in a 300 degree
F. oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until dry, stirring twice. Or, let
stand, loosely covered, at room temperature for 8 to 12 hours. Measure
3 cups. 
 
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Add category