Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spinach_Salmon_Roast_with_Feta_and_Ricotta

Description : 
 Salmon fillet stuffed with spinach, ricotta and feta cheeses and flavored with a tinge of Dijon mustard, fresh dill and oregano makes for a scrumptious holiday meal with a celebratory presentation. For seafood lovers, this savory roast promises to be the start of a new holiday tradition.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Serves 6 
 Ingredients : 
 1  salmon  fillet, about 2 pounds center cut with skin removed 
 1 cup  ricotta cheese 
 1 cup crumbled  feta 
 white pepper , to taste 
 salt , to taste 
 1 tablespoon  Dijon mustard 
 1 cup packed baby  spinach  leaves, divided 
 extra virgin  olive oil 
 freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 fresh  dill  and fresh  oregano  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 450°F. 
 Slice the salmon through the center almost to the other end so the salmon will lay open flat in one large piece. 
 Turn salmon over so gray underside is turned up. 
 Set aside. 
 In a bowl, combine the ricotta cheese and feta, mashing and stirring with a fork until well blended. 
 Season to taste with white pepper and salt. 
 Spread the salmon filet with the mustard. 
 Lay ½ cup of the spinach over the mustard. 
 Evenly spread the cheese mixture on top of the spinach. 
 Top with the remaining spinach leaves. 
 Gently roll the salmon up and secure with cooking twine. 
 Place salmon in a baking dish coated with olive oil. 
 Brush the top and sides of the fish with olive oil. 
 Sprinkle additional salt and black pepper, to taste, over the fish. 
 Top with fresh dill and fresh oregano as a garnish. 
 Bake at 450°F for 15 to 20 minutes, or until fish is just cooked through. 
 To serve, slice carefully with a sharp, serrated knife. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (8.5 oz-wt.): 
 
 410 calories (190 from fat) | 21g total fat | 8g saturated fat | less than 1g dietary fiber | 48g protein | 4g carbohydrate | 140mg cholesterol | 440mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Salmon Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Feta Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Add category