Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_Short_Ribs_with_Asian_Flavors

Description : 
 Look for hoisin sauce and Oriental  sesame oil  in the Asian foods section of the supermarket. Steamed  rice  is the perfect side.
 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Source:  Bon Appétit , October 2003 
 Makes 6 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups coarsely chopped  onions 
 1 cup  beef broth 
 12 x 2- to 3-inch-long meaty  beef short ribs  (about 4 pounds) 
 3 tablespoons  hoisin sauce 
 2 tablespoons  soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon  balsamic vinegar 
 1 tablespoon oriental  sesame oil 
 1 cup (packed) pitted large  prunes 
 2 tablespoons  all purpose flour 
 chopped  green onions 
 special equipment: pressure cooker 
 Directions : 
 Combine  onions  and broth in 6- to 8-quart pressure cooker. 
 Place ribs in large bowl. 
 Add hoisin sauce,  soy sauce ,  vinegar , and  sesame oil ;toss to coat evenly. 
 Transfer ribs and all juices from bowl to cooker. 
 Scatter  prunes  over. 
 Lock lid in place. 
 Bring to high pressure over high heat. 
 Cook 35 minutes, adjusting heat as necessary to maintain high pressure. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Let pressure come down naturally,about 20 minutes. 
 Slowly release lid, standing back and allowing steam to escape. 
 If ribs are not tender, lock on lid, return cooker to high pressure, and cook 5 minutes longer. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Let pressure come down naturally. 
 Using slotted spoon, transfer ribs and  prunes  to large shallow bowl. 
 Tent with foil to keep warm. 
 Tilt cooker; spoon 1 tablespoon fat into small bowl and reserve. 
 Spoon off remaining fat and discard. 
 Mix flour into reserved 1 tablespoon fat to form smooth paste. 
 Bring sauce in cooker to boil; whisk in  flour  paste. 
 Boil until sauce thickens,whisking often, about 1 minute. 
 Season to taste with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Pour sauce over ribs; sprinkle with  green onions  and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Beef rib Recipes, Onion Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Prune Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Add category