Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/BBQ,_Preserving,_Olive_Oil_and_Grain_Tips

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   How To Barbecue 
 3   Tips for Preserving Jam and Jelly 
 4   Olive Oil Tips 
 5   Grains 
 
 
 Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 How To Barbecue : 
 Sauces are important to the taste of good barbecue, but preparation before sauce is applied is equally important. Trim off some fat from lean meaty ribs; wash and season with salt, pepper and paprika. If possible, let ribs sit in refrigerator for a few hours or even overnight with seasoning on them.
 Cook ribs over white hot coals without flames, about 4 hours, until very tender & golden brown. They are done when the gristle is easily chewable. Intermittently sprinkle meat with vinegar and water or sour pickle juice & water. Sauce is put on meat after ribs are taken off the grill & are allowed to sit awhile.
 
 Tips for Preserving Jam and Jelly : 
 Mold growth is a common problem on paraffin-sealed products, caused by the paraffin pulling away from the jar or air trapped between the jam and the paraffin. Two piece lids & processing jam in water bath canner will prevent the growth of mold.
 If a sm spot of mold does appear on the surface of paraffin-sealed jam or jelly, spoon off top ½" before using product.  don't  just scrape off the mold. If the mold growth is extensive, the jam or jelly is spoiled and should be discarded.
 When freezing berries for later use in jam or jelly  do not  add sugar to fruit. Rinse, drain, pat dry and freeze in moisture/vapor proof containers. When ready to use, thaw in refrigerator until only a few ice crystals remain. Follow recipe directions for your favorite jam or jelly.
 
 Olive Oil Tips : 
 Store olive oil in a cool, dark place. It keeps better than any other vegetable oil, although ideally it should be used within 1 year after purchase. There's no need to refrigerate, but if you do, it gets cloudy. Just let it come to room temp before using.
 Olive oil is perfect for salad dressings and vegetable marinades. For delicious bread with a Mediterranean flair, rub bread with a piece of garlic; then brush lightly with olive oil. Bake in hot oven until heated through. Olive oil can also be used for sautéing and frying. To make great croutons, heat a thin layer of oil in lg skillet with 1 – 2 peeled halved garlic cloves. Add bread cubes and sauté over med heat, turning to toast bread on all sides. Remove and discard garlic; serve croutons over salad or soup.
 
 Grains : 
 To discourage insects such as weevils from setting up home in your grains and legumes, try this age-old trick. Drop a dried chile pepper or bay leaf into each jar. These colorful plants are nontoxic and have natural insect-repelling properties.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Barbecue Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Preserves and jam Recipes, Add category