Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish-Shrimp_Salad

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Salad 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb medium  shrimp  (uncooked) 
 1½ lbs  halibut  or  haddock  steaks (1 inch thick) 
 4 cups  water 
 1 cup  onion  (chopped finely) 
 1 tbsp  salt 
 2  bay leaves 
 Salad : 
 ½ cup  onions  (chopped finely) 
 ¼ cup  red bell pepper  (chopped) 
 ½ cup  green pepper  (strips) 
 2 tbsp  parsley  (chopped) 
 1 tbsp  chilies  (chopped) 
 1 chopped  garlic  clove 
 ⅓ cup  lemon juice 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 2 tbsp  tomato paste 
 ¼ tsp  black pepper 
 6 whole  peppercorns 
 2 medium  tomatoes , cooked 15 seconds in boiling  water , rinsed in cold  water , peeled and diced 
 Directions : 
 In a bowl, shell and devein  shrimp . 
 Wash  shrimp  in cold  water  and drain in a colander. 
 Wrap and tie fish in 2 layers of cheesecloth. 
 Set fish and  shrimp  aside. 
 In a large saucepan place 4 cups  water , 1 cup  onions , 2  bay leaves , 6 peppercorns and 1 tbls  salt . 
 Bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce heat to simmer and add cheesecloth wrapped fish. 
 Simmer for 5 minutes and then add  shrimp  and simmer 5 minutes more. 
 With tongs, take out fish and place on one plate. 
 Take out  shrimp  and place on another plate. 
 Strain the stock into a bowl and throw away the solids. 
 Remove the fish from the cheesecloth, take out any bones, skin and flake fish into a clean bowl. 
 Chop  shrimp  into ½-inch pieces and place in same bowl. Mix. 
 Then add chopped  tomatoes , ½ cup finely chopped  onions ,  red peppers ,  green peppers ,  parsley , chilies and  garlic . Mix well. 
 In a small bowl, mix together the  lemon juice ,  olive oil , ⅔ cup of leftover stock and the  tomato  paste and  black pepper . 
 Mix well, then pour this sauce over the fish and  shrimp  salad. Toss gently. 
 Let salad marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature. 
 Serve at room temperature or cold from the refrigerator. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ivoirian Meat Dishes, Ivoirian Salads, Seafood Salad Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Haddock Recipes, Halibut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Shrimp Recipes, Add category