Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicago-style_Deep-dish_Spinach_Pizza

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Better Homes and Gardens 
 Prep: 25 minutes | Bake: 40 minutes | Cool: 10 minutes | Stand: 10 minutes 
 Makes 8 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ pound bulk  Italian sausage 
 1 cup chopped  onion 
 1 x 8-ounce can  pizza sauce 
 1 x 4-ounce can sliced  mushrooms , drained 
 1 x 3-ounce package sliced  pepperoni 
 2 tablespoons snipped fresh  basil  or 2 teaspoons dried  basil , crushed 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  oregano  or 1 teaspoon dried  oregano , crushed 
 ¼ teaspoon  crushed red pepper 
 1 x 16-ounce loaf frozen whole-wheat  bread  dough or white  bread  dough, thawed 
 1½ cups shredded  mozzarella  cheese (6 ounces) 
 1 x 10-ounce package frozen chopped  spinach , thawed and well drained 
 1 slightly beaten  egg 
 1 tablespoon  margarine  or  butter , melted 
 2 tablespoons grated  Parmesan cheese  or  Romano  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Meat filling : 
 In a large skillet cook Italian  sausage  and  onion  until meat is brown and  onion  is tender. Drain Fat. 
 Pat with paper towels to remove additional fat. 
 Stir in pizza sauce,  mushrooms ,  pepperoni ,  basil ,  oregano , and red pepper. 
 Crust : 
 On a lightly floured surface roll ⅔ of the  bread  dough into a 12-inch circle. (if necessary, let dough rest once or twice during rolling.) 
 Carefully place the circle in a greased 9-inch spring-form pan, pressing the dough 1½ inches up the sides. 
 Pizza : 
 Sprinkle bottom of the dough with ½ cup of the  mozzarella  cheese. 
 Spoon meat filling over cheese. 
 Pat  spinach  dry with paper towels. 
 Mix  spinach ,  egg , and remaining  mozzarella  cheese. 
 Spread  spinach  mixture over meat filling. 
 Roll remaining dough into a 10-inch circle on a lightly floured surface. 
 Cut circle into 10 to 12 wedges. 
 Arrange wedges atop  spinach  mixture, slightly over-lapping edges and sealing ends to bottom crust along edge of pan. 
 Brush top with melted  margarine  or  butter  and sprinkle with Parmesan or  Romano  cheese. 
 Bake in a 375°F oven for 40 to 45 minutes or until filling is hot and  bread  is done. If Necessary, cover with foil the last 10 minutes of baking to prevent over-browning. 
 Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove sides of spring-form pan. 
 Cut into wedges. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Romano Recipes, Prepared pizza sauce Recipes, Pepperoni Recipes, Add category