Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gosh_Feel

Description : 
 Elephant ear pastries
 
 Ingredients : 
 2  eggs 
 2 tablespoons of  caster sugar 
 ¼ tablespoons of  salt 
 ½ cup  milk 
 4 tablespoons of  oil 
 2½ cups  plain flour 
 ¼ cup  plain flour  for kneading 
 ½ tablespoons of ground  cardamom 
 oil  for deep-frying 
 To Finish : 
 1 cup  icing (confectioners') sugar 
 ½ tablespoons ground  cardamom  (optional) 
 ½ cup finely chopped  pistachios  (Note:  pistachio nuts  should be blanched. Optionally, same amount of finely chopped  walnuts  may be used instead of pistachios) 
 Directions : 
 Beat  eggs  until frothy, beat in  sugar  and  salt . 
 Stir in  milk  and  oil . 
 Sift  flour , add half to  egg  mixture and blend in with wooden spoon. 
 Gradually stir in remainder of  flour , holding back about ½ cup. 
 Turn onto floured board and dust with some of reserved  flour . 
 Knead for 10 minutes until smooth and glossy, using more  flour  as required. 
 Dough will still be slightly sticky. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and rest for 2 hours. 
 Take a piece of dough about the size of a large  hazelnut  and roll out on a floured board to a circle about 8 – 10 cm (3 – 4 inches) in diameter. 
 Gather up dough on one side and pinch, forming a shape resembling an elephant ear. 
 Place on a cloth and cover. 
 Repeat with remaining dough. 
 Deep fry one at a time in  oil , heated to 190°C (375°F) turning to cook evenly. 
 Fry until golden, do not over-brown. 
 As dough is rather elastic, the pastry tends to contract with handling, so just before dropping pastry into hot  oil , pull out lightly with fingers to enlarge. 
 Drain pastries on paper towels. 
 Sift  icing sugar  with  cardamom  if used and dust pastries with mixture. 
 Sprinkle with  nuts  and serve warm or cold. 
 Store in a sealed container. 
 Alternative topping: make a syrup with 1 cup  sugar  and ½ cup  water . 
 Bring to the boil when  sugar  is dissolved and boil for 5 minutes. 
 Dribble syrup onto warm pastries and sprinkle with  cardamom  and  nuts . 
 
 
 
Categories: Afghan Recipes, Afghan Desserts, Cardamom Recipes, Hazelnut Recipes, Pistachio Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Egg Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category