Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bibim_Bap

        
 Ingredients : 
 Beef : 
 4 slice bulgogi  beef  - (⅛ lb) 
 2 tbsp bottled  bulgogi  marinade 
 1 tsp  oil 
 Vegetables : 
 4 x fresh  shiitake mushrooms  sliced 
 1 tsp  oil 
 1 tbsp bottled  bulgogi  marinade 
 2 x  carrots 
 4 cup  spinach 
 1½ cup  soybean sprouts 
 1 large  zucchini 
 Rice : 
 2 cups  short-grain rice 
 Sauce : 
 ¼ cup  red pepper paste  (kochujang) 
 ½ tsp  sesame seeds 
 2 tsp  honey 
 1 tsp  sesame oil 
 1  garlic  clove minced 
 Assembly : 
 ½ cup bottled  kimchi  cut thin strips 
 1½ tsp  sesame oil 
 1 tsp  sesame seeds 
 ½ sht  nori  seaweed - (8" square) sliced into fine, thin strips 
 1 fried  egg 
 Directions : 
 Beef : 
 Place the  beef  in a bowl, add the bulgogi marinade, cover and refrigerate, 1 hour. 
 Remove the  beef  from the marinade and cut into ½-inch slices. 
 Heat the  oil  in a skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  beef  and stir-fry until cooked through, 1 minute. 
 Note: cook the  beef  just before assembling the dish. 
 Vegetables : 
 Cook the  mushrooms  in the  oil  and the marinade in a skillet over high heat until tender, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Set aside. 
 Cut the  carrots  into very thin, long strips. 
 The  spinach ,  carrots  and soy  bean sprouts  need to be blanched in separate pots of boiling  water . 
 Blanch the  spinach  30 seconds. 
 Drain and squeeze dry. 
 Blanch the  carrots , 1 minute; the  soybean sprouts , 30 seconds. 
 Cut the  zucchini  into very thin slices. 
 Cook the  zucchini  in boiling  water  until tender, about 3 minutes. 
 Rice : 
 Wash the  rice  several times in cold  water  until the  water  is clear, rubbing the  rice  well. 
 Drain. 
 Place the  rice  in a heavy pot; add 3 cups of cold  water . 
 Cover and bring to a boil, reduce the heat and steam, covered, until the  rice  is tender, about 30 minutes. 
 Sauce : 
 Combine the red pepper paste,  sesame seeds ,  honey ,  oil  and  garlic  in a small bowl. 
 Set aside. 
 Assembly : 
 Place the hot cooked  rice  in a large serving bowl. 
 The vegetables can be at room temperature. 
 Arrange them on top of the  rice  in separate groups, along with the kimchi. 
 Sprinkle with the  sesame oil  and  sesame seeds . 
 Arrange the  beef  on top and a small pile of  nori  strips at one side. 
 Place the  egg  in the center. 
 Pass the sauce in a separate bowl. 
 Add this to taste and stir it into the mixture, preferably with a long-handled Korean spoon. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/ba/BibimBap.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004225']
Categories: North Korean Meat Dishes, Beef Recipes, Nori Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Short-grain rice Recipes, Soybean sprout Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Add category