Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pork_Meatballs_With_Yogurt_Dressing

YOGURT DRESSING
 
 
 1 cup high-fat Greek yogurt 
 1/2 tablespoons ground cumin 
 1 tablespoon sugar 
 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil 
 Salt and freshly ground black pepper 
  MINT DRESSING
 
 
 1/2 cup finely sliced mint leaves 
 1 1/2 teaspoons minced shallots 
 1 1/2 tablespoons sherry vinegar 
 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil 
 Salt and freshly ground black pepper
  MEATBALLS
 
 
 1 cup crustless country bread, torn into pieces 
 2 tablespoons milk 
 3 tablespoons olive oil 
 Half a large onion, peeled and thinly sliced 
 2 teaspoons coriander seeds 
 1 tablespoon cumin seeds 
 1 teaspoon fennel seeds 
 1/2 teaspoon hot red-pepper flakes 
 2 1/2 pounds ground pork, chilled 
 1 tablespoon kosher salt 
 2 teaspoons finely chopped parsley leaves 
 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano 
 4 tablespoons butter. 
 1. For yogurt dressing, combine yogurt, cumin, and sugar. Slowly whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper, cover and refrigerate.
 2. For mint dressing, combine mint, shallot and vinegar in small bowl. Slowly whisk in oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste, cover and refrigerate.
 3. For meatballs, combine bread and milk in a bowl, and stir until bread has absorbed milk.
 4. Combine 1 tablespoon of oil and onion in a saucepan over medium heat. Stir until sizzling, then cover, reduce heat to low and cook until onion is softened but not colored. Transfer to food processor, add bread mixture and purée.
 5. Combine coriander, cumin, fennel and hot red-pepper flakes in small skillet over medium heat and stir until lightly toasted and fragrant. Remove from heat and grind to a powder in a spice grinder.
 6. Mix meat, the bread mixture, spices and salt in a large stand mixer with paddle attachment. Add parsley and oregano, and mix again. With wet hands, roll into 1-inch balls.
 7. Place large skillet over medium heat. Add butter and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. When butter has melted, reduce heat slightly and begin adding meatballs, allowing them to brown on the bottom, then turning gently to continue browning on all sides. Work in batches, transferring meatballs to a platter when they are cooked. To serve, drizzle with yogurt dressing and sprinkle with mint dressing.
 50 1-inch meatballs 
 
 --
 
 
 
 
Categories: Meatball Recipes, Pork Recipes, Add category