Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/SuperBowl_Turkey_Nachos

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Active Time: 35 minutes | Start to Finish: 45 minutes 
 Makes 6 to 8 hors d'oeuvre servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ lb leftover roast  turkey meat , shredded 
 1½ tablespoons fresh  lime juice 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 3  bell peppers  (preferably  red  and  orange ), finely chopped 
 1  garlic  clove, finely chopped 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  cumin 
 1 teaspoon dried  oregano , crumbled 
 1 (15- to 16-oz) can  black beans , rinsed and drained 
 4 oz  corn tortilla chips  (not low-fat) 
 2 cups grated jalapeño  jack cheese  (8 oz) 
 ¼ cup chopped  scallion  greens 
 ½ cup chopped fresh  cilantro 
 1 cup  sour cream 
 2 to 3 teaspoons finely chopped pickled  jalapeño 
 Accompaniment: tomato  salsa 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 450°F. 
 Toss  turkey  with  lime juice  and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Heat 1½ tablespoons  oil  in a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then sauté  bell peppers , stirring, until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. 
 Transfer to a bowl. 
 Heat remaining ½ tablespoon  oil  in skillet over moderate heat and cook  garlic ,  cumin , and  oregano , stirring, 1 minute. 
 Stir in beans and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 1 minute. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Make 2 layers each of  corn  chips, sautéed  peppers , beans,  turkey ,  cheese ,  scallion , and  cilantro  in a 3-quart shallow baking dish. 
 Bake nachos in middle of oven until  cheese  is melted, 6 to 10 minutes. 
 Stir together  sour cream  and jalapeño to taste and serve on the side along with salsa. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Nachos Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Corn chip Recipes, Add category