Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Scrumptious_Layered_Pie

Description : 
 This savory pie contains layers of tomatoes, onion, sweet peppers, sausage and mushrooms, topped with a cheese and mayonnaise layer. 
 
 Contributed by Jannicelli at  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Number of servings: 6 – 8 as a side dish, 4 as a main dish 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large frozen  pie crust 
 1 or 2 large  tomatoes , sliced (enough to cover pie crust bottom) 
 1  vidalia onion 
 ¼ to ½ tube of ground  sausage 
 1  bell pepper , sliced 
 8  mushrooms , sliced or 1 small can sliced 
 ¾ cups  mayonnaise 
 ¾ cup  mozzarella  cheese (shredded) 
 ½ cup  fontinella  cheese (shredded) 
 1 scallion or  green onion  (finely chopped) 
 2 tablespoon of  flour 
 3 teaspoons  olive oil 
 2 teaspoon  oregano ,  salt ,  pepper , and  garlic powder  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Method in frying pan saute each of the following ingredients (separately) until tender: onion, peppers, and mushrooms (each item is cooked with 1 teaspoon of olive oil, salt, pepper, and garlic powder to taste). 
 Set aside each ingredient in small bowl or plate. 
 Using same frying pan, crumble and cook sausage with garlic powder only until done; drain grease and set aside. 
 Lightly brown frozen pie crust a few minutes in oven 350 to 400 degrees; remove immediately. 
 Sprinkle the bottom of pie crust with 1 tablespoon flour then arrange tomato slices over the bottom of crust until the bottom is covered (it's OK if they overlap a little bit). 
 Sprinkle remaining flour evenly over tomatoes; season with salt, pepper, garlic powder, and 1 tsp oregano. 
 Now layer cooked peppers, mushroom, onions, and sausage onto pie. 
 In a separate bowl mix mayo, cheeses, ¼ teaspoon garlic powder and remaining oregano with a fork; cover the pie with the cheese mixture and sprinkle chopped scallions over the top. 
 Bake at 400°F until golden brown (approximately 20 minutes); remove; let cool and cut into slices. 
 This can be served cold or hot. 
 Notes: you can let the pie cool and refrigerate and serve cold. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Savory pie Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Add category