Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Trio_of_Rices_and_Beans_with_Fresh_Apricots


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup chopped fresh  oregano  (2 bunches) 
 ½ cup chopped fresh  thyme  (2 bunches) 
 3 sprigs fresh  rosemary , leaves stripped and chopped 
 4 cups dried  white beans , soaked in cold  water  to cover 3 to 24 hours, then drained 
 7 cups  vegetable broth  or  water 
 24 fresh  apricots , pitted and cut into 4 to 6 pieces each 
 2 bunches  celery , cut into small diagonal pieces 
 3 cups finely chopped fresh  chervil  (6 bunches) 
 2 cups  sherry vinegar 
 2 tbsp minced  garlic 
 3¼ cups  vegetable oil 
 5  leeks  (white part only), rinsed well and finely diced 
 Wild rice : 
 ½ cup  vegetable oil 
 2 medium  onions , diced 
 12 sprigs fresh  thyme , leaves stripped 
 2 lbs uncooked  wild rice , well rinsed 
 2 tsp  salt 
 Basmati rice : 
 1 cup  vegetable oil 
 4 pinches  saffron  threads 
 6 cups uncooked  basmati rice 
 1 tsp  salt 
 Directions : 
 Wild rice : 
 In 6-quart pot, heat  oil  over high heat. 
 Add  onions  and  thyme  and cook, stirring often, until  onions  are just wilted. 
 Add  wild rice , stir to coat and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. 
 Add  salt  and 4 quarts cold  water . 
 Cover and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to medium and cook until liquid has evaporated and  rice  begins to pop open, 35 to 40 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and set aside to cool. 
 Basmati rice : 
 In 4-quart pot, heat ½ cup  oil  over high heat. 
 Add  saffron  and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. 
 Add  rice  and stir to coat. 
 Add  salt  and 2 quarts plus 1 cup cold  water , stir and bring to a boil. 
 Stir in remaining ½ cup  oil , reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, until liquid has evaporated and  rice  is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. 
 Transfer to tray, spreading  rice  out to cool; set aside. 
 Beans : 
 In 4-quart pot, heat ¼ cup  oil  over high heat. 
 Add  leeks  and cook, stirring often, until wilted, about 2 minutes. 
 Add  garlic ,  oregano ,  thyme  and  rosemary  and cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes. 
 Add  beans  and stir to coat, then stir in broth. 
 Cover and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat to low and simmer until  beans  are tender but not mushy, about 40 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and cool. 
 In very large bowl, combine both rices,  beans ,  apricots ,  celery  and  chervil . 
 In medium bowl, whisk together  vinegar  and remaining 3 cups  oil  and sprinkle over  rice  mixture to taste. 
 Toss gently to combine and serve at room temperature. 
 Do ahead: the rices and  beans  can be cooked up to 4 days ahead and refrigerated separately. 
 The dish can be assembled up to 8 hours ahead. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, White bean Recipes, Sherry vinegar Recipes, Basmati rice Recipes, Wild rice Recipes, Apricot Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Leek Recipes, Chervil Recipes, Add category