Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ajvar

Description : 
 Pronounced Eye-var, is a Balkan dish or spread that is made of roasted  Peppers  and  Eggplant . Ripe red mild or medium-hot  peppers  are most often used, although  green peppers , unripe  tomatoes , and even  string beans  can be combined into ajvar. Fresh  Macedonian  ajvar is always made during the late summer and early autumn, just after the  pepper  harvest—when many households also can or bottle their own ajvar for use throughout the year. Serve it as an appetizer to spread on thick slices of country-style white  bread  or flat  pita bread , or use it as a side dish.
 
       Ajvar     
 Ingredients : 
 8 to 12 fresh  red New Mexican chiles , or substitute  green 
 4 medium-sized  eggplants 
 ½ to ¾ cup  olive oil  or  corn oil 
 1 large  onion , minced 
 3 large  garlic  cloves, finely chopped 
 1 to 2 tablespoons  lemon juice  (or 1 tablespoon  red wine vinegar ) 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 chopped fresh  parsley  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Roast the  chiles  and  eggplants  over charcoal or a gas flame—or bake them in a preheated 475 degree f oven—until the skins are blistered and black. 
 Place the roasted vegetables in a paper bag and let them steam in their own heat for 10 minutes. 
 Peel off and discard the burnt skins along with the stems and seeds of the chiles. 
 Mash the  peppers  and  eggplant  pulp together to form a homogeneous mass - completely smooth or slightly chunky, as desired. 
 You can do this in a food processor. 
 Heat 3 tablespoons  oil  in a large  skillet , and saute the  onion  until very soft. 
 Add the  garlic  and cook 2 minutes longer. 
 Remove from the heat and stir in the pepper- eggplant  pulp, mixing well. 
 Slowly drizzle the remaining  oil  into the mixture, stirring constantly to incorporate all of the  oil . 
 Add  lemon juice  or  vinegar ,  salt , and  pepper , to taste. 
 Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with the  parsley . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/21/Ajvar.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091210174940']
Categories: Eggplant Recipes, New Mexico red chile Recipes, New Mexico green chile Recipes, Serbian Appetizers, Serbian Cuisine, Spread Recipes, Add category