Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Basket_and_Bows_Cupcakes

Description : 
 Chocolate Cupcakes that look like baskets with bows.
 
 Makes:  14 jumbo cupcakes. 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Cupcakes : 
 4 cups  flour 
 2 tsp  baking powder 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ¾ tsp  baking soda 
 1¼ cups unsalted  butter , softened 
 2 cups  sugar 
 4  eggs 
 2 tsp  vanilla 
 1¾ cups  buttermilk 
 White frosting : 
 1 pound  confectioner's sugar 
 ½ cup unsalted  butter , softened 
 ⅓ cup  milk 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 Chocolate Royal icing : 
 1 pound  confectioner's sugar 
 ⅓ cup  cocoa powder 
 7 tbs warm water 
 3 tbs powdered  egg whites 
 Bows : 
 7 oz tube  marzipan 
 assorted  food coloring 
 Directions : 
 Cupcakes : 
 Heat oven to 350 °F. 
 Grease jumbo muffin pans with nonstick spray. 
 Whisk flour, baking powder, salt and soda in a bowl to blend. 
 Beat butter and sugar in a bowl until fluffy. 
 Beat in eggs. Stir in vanilla. 
 Beat in flour mixture alternating with buttermilk. 
 Spoon batter into muffin cups. 
 Bake for 24 minutes or until done. 
 Cool in pan then remove cupcakes. 
 White frosting : 
 Beat butter, sugar, milk and extract in bowl until smooth. Cover. 
 Chocolate royal icing : 
 In a bowl, combine sugar, cocoa, water and egg whites. 
 Beat until combined then beat until icing is shiny and thick. 
 Cover icing with plastic wrap. 
 To decorate : 
 Ice the side of a cupcake with Royal Icing. 
 Using tines of a fork, draw lines through the icing to resemble a basket. 
 Set on wax paper to dry. 
 Repeat with remaining cakes. 
 Spread tops of cupcakes with 3 tbs white frosting. 
 Bows : 
 Unwrap marzipan. 
 Divide in quarters. 
 Tint a quarter with a single drop of food coloring. 
 Knead until coloring is evenly distributed. 
 Roll out to ⅛ inch thickness. 
 Cut ¾ inch wide strips to form ribbon. 
 Trim ends to resemble ribbon points. 
 Cut another strip of marzipan 6 inches by ¾ inch, fold the ends to the center to make a bow. 
 Wrap another thin strip around the center of the bow and press on the bottom to seal. 
 Repeat with remaining marzipan and food coloring. 
 Transfer ribbons to cupcakes, center bows on top of ribbons. 
 Serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cupcake Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Cathy's Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Valentine's Day Desserts, Easter Desserts, Almond paste Recipes, Add category