Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Multi-vegetable_Paella


 Description : 
 This recipe is from Yotam Ottolenghi's vegetarian cookbook "Plenty". It was published in  guardian.co.uk 
 
 Serves two generously. 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 ½  Spanish onion , finely chopped 
 1 small  red  and 1 small  yellow pepper , cut into strips 
 ½  fennel  bulb, cut into strips 
 2  garlic  cloves, crushed 
 2  bay leaves 
 ¼ tsp  smoked paprika 
 ½ tsp  ground turmeric 
 ¼ tsp  cayenne pepper 
 150 g calasparra (or other paella)  rice 
 100 ml good-quality medium  sherry 
 1 tsp  saffron  threads 
 450 ml boiling  vegetable stock 
 salt 
 200 g shelled  broad beans  (fresh or frozen) 
 12 mini  plum tomatoes , halved 
 5 small grilled  artichokes  in oil (from a jar), drained and quartered 
 15 pitted  kalamata olives , crushed 
 2 tbsp roughly chopped  parsley 
 4  lemon  wedges 
 Directions : 
 Heat the oil in a paella pan or a large shallow frying pan, then gently fry the onion for five minutes. 
 Add the peppers and fennel, and fry on a medium heat for six minutes, until soft and golden. 
 Add the garlic and cook for a further minute. 
 Add the bay, paprika, turmeric and cayenne, stir, then add the rice and stir thoroughly for two minutes before adding the sherry and saffron. 
 Boil down for a minute, then add the stock and a third of a teaspoon of salt. 
 Turn the heat as low as it will go and simmer very gently for about 20 minutes, until most of the liquid has been absorbed by the rice. 
 Do not cover the pan or stir the rice during this time. 
 Meanwhile, put the broad beans in a bowl, cover with plenty of boiling water, leave for a minute, drain and set aside to cool. 
 Once cool enough to handle, squeeze each bean gently to remove its papery skin. 
 Remove the paella pan from the heat. 
 Taste, add more salt if needed, but without stirring the rice much. 
 Scatter the tomatoes, artichokes and broad beans over the rice, cover the pan tightly with foil and leave to rest for 10 minutes. 
 Take off the foil. 
 Scatter the olives and parsley over the top of the paella and serve with lemon wedges. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f9/Multi-vegetable_paella.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20100418170645']
Categories: Artichoke Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Rice Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Add category