Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Masaura_and_Potato_Tarkari


 
 Description : 
 Sun-dried lentil-vegetable balls
 
 Ingredients : 
 Masauras : 
 4 cups  split black lentil , pre-soaked overnight 
 2 cups finely chopped  onion ,  scallions ,  radish ,  cauliflower 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 salt 
 1 cup  water 
 Tarkari : 
 3 cups  masauras 
 2 cups  potatoes , diced 
 1 cup chopped  onions 
 1 cup chopped  tomatoes 
 ½ teaspoon  fenugreek 
 ½ teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 1 teaspoon  garlic  paste 
 1 teaspoon  ginger  paste 
 1 teaspoon  chile paste 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 1 teaspoon  ground coriander 
 1 teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 2 cups  milk 
 Directions : 
 Masauras : 
 In a blender, combine soaked  lentil ,  water ,  salt  and  pepper  to for smooth paste. 
 Reserve the paste in a large bowl. 
 To the  lentil  paste, add chopped vegetables; mix thoroughly to incorporate all ingredients. 
 Make 1-inch balls of the mixture and arrange them on a baking sheet. 
 Allow sun-drying until the ball are completely dehydrated. 
 Food dehydrator can be used instead. 
 Package the dehydrated  lentil  balls in air-tight container. 
 Tarkari : 
 In a large non-stick saute pan, heat three tablespoons of  oil  and fry masauras until golden brown. 
 Reserve in a large plate. 
 To the same saute pan, add the remaining two tablespoons of  oil . 
 Fry  fenugreek  and  cumin  seeds until dark. 
 Add chopped  onions  and fry until lightly browned. 
 Add  potatoes ,  salt  and  pepper  to the  onion  mixture and fry on low heat for ten minutes or so until  potatoes  are lightly browned cooked half way. 
 Add  cumin  and coriander and stir for a couple of minutes. 
 Add browned masauras to the  potato  mixture followed by  tomatoes  and  milk . 
 Cover and allow simmering for 10–15 minutes or until the  potatoes  are cooked tender and a desired consistency of the stew has been achieved. 
 Garnish with chopped  cilantro . 
 Serve with steamed  rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Nepali Vegetarian, Cauliflower Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Potato Recipes, Radish Recipes, Urad dal Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category