Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Coulibiac


 
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 1 tsp dried  juniper berries 
 2 cloves  garlic , peeled 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 2 tbsp plus 2 tsp  vegetable oil 
 ½ small head  green cabbage , finely shredded (6 cups) 
 20 oz  cremini mushrooms , chopped (8 cups) 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  sage  leaves or 1 tsp. dried 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 2 cups peeled, sliced  parsnips 
 1 tbs. chopped fresh  thyme  or 1 tsp dried 
 2 cups cooked  brown rice 
 Pastry : 
 1 pkg. (17¼ oz) frozen  puff pastry , thawed 
 1 beaten  egg  mixed with 1 tsp  water  or  milk 
 Directions : 
 Filling : 
 Using a mortar and pestle, crush  juniper berries ,  garlic  and  salt  into a paste. 
 In large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add  garlic  paste and stir-fry 1 minute. 
 Add  cabbage  and cook, stirring until coated with  oil  and paste mixture. 
 Cover and cook 2 minutes until wilted and bright green. 
 Transfer to bowl and set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon in skillet, add  mushrooms ,  sage ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Cook, stirring occasionally, until  mushrooms  soften, about 8 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and set aside. 
 Wipe out skillet, and heat remaining 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add parsnips and  thyme  and cook, stirring often, until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. 
 Pastry : 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Unfold one  puff pastry  sheet and place on lightly floured surface. 
 Roll out into a 14-inch square, then cut dough into a 14-inch circle. 
 Transfer circle to ungreased 8½-inch springform pan and press gently to fit into bottom and side. 
 There will be some overhang. 
 Spoon half the  rice  over pastry. 
 Using slotted spoon, layer  mushrooms  over  rice , then cover with  cabbage , remaining  rice  and parsnips. 
 Carefully fold pastry overhang over filling. 
 Brush edges with beaten  egg  or  milk . 
 Unfold second  puff pastry  sheet on a lightly floured surface. 
 Roll out slightly, then cut out into an 8½-inch circle. 
 Place the circle of dough over top and press edges to seal. 
 Brush top with  egg  wash and using a small sharp knife or razor blade, slash top in a cross-hatch pattern. 
 Bake 35 to 40 minutes. 
 When well browned, loosely cover top with foil. 
 Reduce heat to 350 °F; remove side of pan and brush side with  egg  wash. 
 Bake until sides are golden, about 40 minutes. 
 Remove from oven and let cool slightly before serving. 
 Cut into wedges and serve with red wine gravy. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Savory pie Recipes, Juniper berries Recipes, Sage Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Green cabbage Recipes, Puff pastry Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Parsnip Recipes, Add category