Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Layered_Strawberry_Dessert

Description : 
 Fresh ruby red strawberries give your taste buds a treat. The juice is sweet and tantalizing. Even the aroma of fresh berries excites the palate and prepares the way for a great adventure in eating. Try this recipe as you partake of a fruit that is luscious, beautiful in color, and heavenly in any menu plan. Enjoy! 
 
 Contributed by  ©Arleen M. Kaptur March 2002 , Author of books and articles on living a simple, rustic lifestyle - and getting the most from each and every day. Excerpt from  strawberry / chocolate  Recipes by Arleen M. Kaptur 
 Arleen Kaptur may be contacted at  http://www.arleenssite.com  akaptur@centurytel.net 
 http://www.ideamarketers.com/library/profile.cfm?writerid=3502  to view more of her articles. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups fresh  strawberries , washed, hulled and sliced 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ¼ cup  cornstarch 
 2½ tbsp  strawberry “jello” powder 
 1 cup cold  water 
 1¾ cups cold  milk 
 1 pkg. instant  vanilla  pudding 
 5 cups cubed angel food cake 
 2½ cups whipped  heavy cream 
 Directions : 
 In a pan combine the “jello” powder,  sugar  and  cornstarch . 
 Slowly add the  water  and stir until smooth. 
 Bring to a boil, cook, stirring constantly, until syrup has thickened. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Stir in the  strawberry  slices and set aside. 
 In a mixer, combine the cold  milk  and the pudding mix. 
 Beat on low for 2½ minutes, until thickened. Set aside. 
 In a clear glass bowl (to allow the colors to show) place half of the angel food cubes. 
 Also pour one-half of the pudding over the cubes, then one-half of the  strawberry  mixture, topped with one-half of the whipped  heavy cream . Repeat the process. 
 Garnish with slivers of  chocolate . 
 Your guests will feel the luxury with every bite. 
 
 
 
Categories: Dessert Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Gelatin dessert mix Recipes, Instant pudding Recipes, Cake Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category