Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hummer_og_Gr%C3%B8ntsagssalat

Description : 
 Lobster and Vegetable Salad - Serves 20
 
       Lobster and Vegetable Salad - Hummer- og Grøntsagssalat     
 Ingredients : 
 6  carrots  — cooked and diced 
 1  cauliflower  — cooked and cut up 
 2 cups  lima beans  — cooked 
 1 pound  peas  — cooked 
 1 pound  string beans 
 1 cup  celery  — diced 
 1 cup  radishes  — diced 
 1 cup  cucumbers  — peeled seeded diced 
 6 medium  tomatoes  — peeled and seeded 
 3 hard-boiled  eggs 
 ½ teaspoon  dry mustard 
 1 tablespoon  white vinegar 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon  white pepper 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 2 tablespoons  gelatin  powder, unsweetened 
 8 tablespoons hot  water 
 ½ cup  cream 
 4  lobsters  — 1½ pound ea boiled 
 1 pound  salmon  — cooked 
 ½ pound soft  butter 
 3½ tablespoons  cream  — whipped 
 salt 
 white pepper 
 1 pound boiled  shrimp  — chilled 
 parsley 
 radishes 
 green olives  — stuffed 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Prepare vegetables as directed. 
 Mix together in a very large bowl and let chill until very cold. 
 Mince the hard-boiled  eggs  fine in a second bowl. 
 Add the  mustard ,  vinegar  and  oil  mixture, beating well. 
 Add the  cream  and blend well. 
 Fold in the vegetables in the larger bowl. 
 Chill until set. 
 Unmold on a large serving platter. 
 Top and garnish as follows: remove lobster meat from body, tail and claws of lobsters. 
 Set aside legs for use at another time. 
 Save the head and tail shells. 
 Skin, bone and put the cooked salmon through a meat grinder. 
 Add  butter  and  whipped cream  and season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 cream  these ingredients together thoroughly. 
 Fill the empty lobster-tail shells with the salmon mixture and set aside for the moment. 
 This recipe must not only taste superb but look like a work of art. 
 Your aim is to make it appear that the lobsters are swimming over the molded vegetables. 
 To achieve this, turn the filled lobster tails, filled side down, over the mold. 
 Where the tails would normally join the bodies of the lobsters, pile lobster meat to simulate as best you can the shape of the midsection of a lobster. 
 Add the empty head shells, empty side down, joining the lobster-meat bodies. 
 Peel the  shrimp , place around the platter with sprigs of  parsley ,  radishes  and stuffed  olives . 
 Serves a battalion. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/31/847602834.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004438']
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Danish Salads, Gelatin Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Lima bean Recipes, Add category