Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Portobello_%27Steaks%27_with_Bearnaise_Sauce

Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup dry  white wine 
 2 tbsp  white wine vinegar 
 ¼ cup finely chopped  shallots  (2 small) 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  tarragon  or 1 tsp dried 
 ½ tsp whole black  peppercorns , crushed 
 1 large  egg 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch 
 ⅔ cup  buttermilk 
 1 tbsp  butter 
 1 tsp  Dijon mustard 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 3 tbsp  balsamic vinegar 
 3 tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 12 medium  portobello mushroom  caps (1½ lbs total) 
 8 cups  watercress  (about 4 bunches), large stems trimmed 
 1 cup  cherry tomatoes , halved 
 ½ cup slivered  red onion 
 Directions : 
 Make sauce: in small saucepan, combine wine,  vinegar , shallots,  tarragon  and peppercorns and bring to a simmer over medium heat. 
 Cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, 2 to 4 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and set aside. 
 In medium bowl, whisk together  egg  and  cornstarch , then gradually whisk in  buttermilk  until mixture is smooth. 
 Add to  shallot  mixture and return saucepan to medium heat. 
 Cook, whisking constantly, until mixture simmers and thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. 
 Whisk in  butter ,  mustard  and  salt . 
 To keep sauce warm, place saucepan in larger pan of barely simmering  water . 
 Preheat broiler. 
 In small bowl, whisk together  vinegar ,  oil ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Using small spoon, scrape away black gills inside  mushroom  caps. 
 Brush half the balsamic mixture over both sides of caps. 
 Place  mushrooms , cavity-side down, on baking sheet or broiler pan and broil until tender and browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side. 
 Meanwhile, in large bowl, combine watercress,  tomatoes  and  onion . 
 Add remaining balsamic mixture and toss to coat. 
 Divide salad among plates and top each with 3 portobello "steaks," cavity-side up. 
 Spoon dollop of bearnaise sauce onto each and serve at once. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Portobello mushroom Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, White wine Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Watercress Recipes, Add category