Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ajiaco_Criollo_Cuban_Creole_Stew


 
 Ingredients : 
 Broth : 
 ½ lb tasajo (jerked  beef ), cut in 2-inch chunks 
 1 lb  pork  meat, cut in 2-inch chunks 
 1 lb  beef brisket , cut in 2-inch chunks 
 1  bay leaf 
 Sofrito : 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 2 large  onions , peeled and chopped 
 1 medium  green bell pepper , cored,seeded,chopped 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 ½ tsp ground  cumin 
 1 cup  tomatoes  (canned are fine), crushed 
 To complete stew : 
 ½ lb (1 medium) yellow  malanga 
 1 lb (2 medium) white  malanga 
 1 lb (2 medium)  boniato 
 ½ lb (½ medium)  yam 
 1 lb (2 medium)  yucca 
 1 lb (½ medium)  calabaza 
 2 ears  corn , husked 
 2 green  plantains 
 ¼ cup fresh  lime juice 
 2 semi-ripe (yellow)  plantains 
 1 ripe (almost black)  plantain 
 Directions : 
 Broth : 
 Cover the tasajo with cold  water  and soak it for at least 8 hours (there is no need to refrigerate it). 
 Change the  water  and continue soaking for another hour. 
 Drain again and rinse under cold running  water . 
 Put the tasajo in a large, heavy pot and add about 6 quarts of  water . 
 Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, covered for 1 hour. 
 Add the  pork ,  beef  brisket, and  bay leaf , and let the three meats cook together until tender. 
 Remove the pot from the heat and skim as much fat as possible from the broth (if you have time, the best way is to refrigerate the broth overnight until the fat solidifies and then remove it). 
 Sofrito : 
 Heat the  oil  in a skillet over medium heat and saute the  onions  and  green pepper  until the  onions  are translucent, about 3 minutes. 
 Add the  garlic  and cook 2 minutes more. 
 Add the  pepper ,  cumin , and  tomatoes  and cook for another 2 minutes. 
 Add the sofrito to the broth and simmer, covered, while you prepare the vegetables. 
 To complete stew : 
 Peel the  malanga ,  boniato ,  yam ,  yucca , and  calabaza  and cube them. 
 Cut the  corn  and green  plantains  into 1½-inch pieces. 
 With a knife slit the skin of each piece of green plantain by opening it away from the center as if you were taking off a coat. 
 Sprinkle the  plantain  pieces with the  lime juice . 
 Slit the semi-ripe and ripe  plantains  lengthwise and slice them crosswise into 1½-inch rounds. 
 Do not remove their skins or they will disintegrate in the stew. 
 Add the green  plantains  to the simmering stew. 
 After about 15 minutes, add the semi-ripe  plantains . 
 After another 15 minutes, add the ripe  plantains  and let them simmer for about 10 minutes. 
 Serve hot in soup plates or, cocido-style, with the meats, vegetables, and broth in separate dishes (each diner removes the skin from the semi-ripe and ripe  plantains  themselves). 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef brisket Recipes, Boniato Recipes, Calabaza Recipes, Cassava Recipes, Corn Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Malanga Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Pork Recipes, Stew Recipes, Add category