Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pickled_gherkins

Description : 
 Traditional Estonian pickled gherkins are made in a large wooden barrel.  cucumbers  are placed between layers of blackcurrant leaves,  dill  stalks and slices of horse  radish . Chilled  water , containing 4 - 6%  salt  is poured over the  cucumbers , and then a weight is placed on them. The barrel is then taken into a cool cellar with even temperature, where bacteria will produce lactic acid which will ferment the  cucumbers . In about 30 days, the  cucumbers  acquire a pleasant, distinctly sour taste. Those who do not possess a cellar have devised new methods of pickling  cucumbers  in modern apartment buildings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 kg small hard gherkins 
 few woody  dill  stalks with 
 flowers on cut into 15 cm lengths 
 handful of blackcurrant leaves 
 1 clove of  garlic , sliced 
 1 l  water 
 2 tbsp  salt 
 1 dl  vinegar  (5% concentration of    acetic  acid) 
 1 tbsp  Sugar 
 Directions : 
 1. Soak the  cucumbers  in cold  water  for 24 hours, wash with a brush and rinse.
 2. Put the gherkins in a large jar, add  dill  stalks,  currant  leaves and sliced  garlic .
 3. Bring the  water  with  salt  and  Sugar  to the boil, allow it to cool until it is lukewarm, then pour it over the gherkins.
 4. Cover the jar with a saucer and leave to stand.
 5. In two - three days the liquid will turn cloudy, as the fermenting process caused by lactic acid, and speeded up by  vinegar , will start.
 6. When the  cucumbers  have turned more sour (in 2-3 days), strain the salty liquid into a saucepan and throw away the stalks, leaves and  garlic .
 7. Bring the liquid to the boil, and boil for 2-3 minutes to kill the bacteria.
 8. Wash the  cucumbers  under running  water , then pour boiling  water  (this is a 'new' boiling  water ) over them.
 9. Now put them in jars which have previously been sterilized with boiling  water  or in a hot oven. Pour the hot salty liquid (this is the 'old'  salt   water  which was boiled to kill the bacteria) over them and seal the jars immediately.
 10. Pickled gherkins will keep in a dark cupboard at room temperature for up to two years.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Estonian Recipes, Estonian Vegetarian, Cucumber Recipes, Currant Recipes, Radish Recipes, Dill Recipes, Add category