Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/P%C3%A2t%C3%A9_Chinois

Description : 
 Shepherd's Pie
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 greased casserole dish (use whatever you like for greasing, PAM  or   butter   or   margarine ) I would not use  shortening  it gives the recipe too strong a taste and we can do without the extra fat. 
 1½ lbs of a combination of  beef ,  pork , and  veal  ground meat 
 2  celery  sticks finely chopped 
 3  carrots  chopped very small 
 2 tablespoons of  tomato purée 
 1  garlic  clove very finely chopped 
 1  yellow onion  medium sized very finely chopped 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste. I like to use the  beef broth  powder as my seasoning, as it already has  salt  in it. 
 3 tablespoons of  canola oil   or   vegetable oil 
 6  potatoes  (+ milk and butter to mash them) 
 1 or 2 cans of  corn 
 1 or 2 cans of  peas 
 paprika 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 First cook  potatoes  with a little  salt . 
 Mash the  potatoes , do not use  milk  or  butter . Just the  potatoes . 
 Have this ready before cooking the meat mixture. 
 Depending on the size of your casserole dish, use 1 or 2 cans of  corn   or  1 small package of frozen  corn , you can also use fresh  corn  if it is available. 
 Use enough to form one layer of  corn  in the casserole dish after you add the meat mixture. 
 1 or 2 cans of  peas , but frozen  peas  keep their shape better or one small package of frozen  peas . 
 Mashed  potatoes . 
 Paprika. 
 Begin by browning the meats with the  oil . 
 Add the vegetables, that is, the  celery ,  carrots ,  garlic  and  onion  until tender. 
 Add the tomato purée and the seasoning. 
 When the meat mixture is ready, meaning the meat is no longer red and the vegetables are almost tender, pour this into a greased casserole dish in one layer. 
 Add the  corn  and layer on top of the meat. 
 Add the  peas  and layer on top of the  corn . 
 Add the mashed  potatoes  and layer on top of the  peas . 
 Sprinkle a couple of pinches of  paprika . 
 Place it in the oven for about 20 minutes or until the  potatoes  begin to brown. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Potato Recipes, Corn Recipes, Ground veal Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Pea Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category