Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Stuffed_Chatamari


 
 Description : 
 This is an excellent  savory  appetizer made of  rice  pancakes and stuffed with or without vegetarian or non-vegetarian mixture. Original recipe does not normally call for soaked  Lentils , but the addition thatof takes this preparation to another level
 
 Ingredients : 
 For Pancake
 
 2 	cups  long-grain rice 
 1 	cup black  dal 
 1 	tablespoon toasted  cumin  seeds 
 salt 
 1 	cup  water  (more as required) 
 clarified butter 
 For Stuffing
 
 1/2 lb minced  Chicken  ( Lamb  can be used) 
 1 	cup  paneer cheese , crushed 
 1 	cup finely chopped scallions 
 1 	teaspoon  garlic , minced 
 1 	teaspoon  ginger , minced 
 2 	fresh  chile peppers , minced 
 1/2 	cup fresh  tomatoes , finely chopped 
 salt  and  pepper , to taste 
 2 	tablespoons cooking  oil 
 
 
 Directions : 
 For  rice  crepes, soak  rice  and black  dal  in  water  overnight. 
 Rinse the soaked  rice  and  Lentils  mixture thoroughly. 
 In a blender, combine the mixture with  water  to form a smooth batter-like paste. 
 Pour into a large mixing bowl; add toasted  cumin  seeds and  salt  to taste; mix thoroughly. 
 You may need to add more  water  if necessary to achieve the consistency similar to crepe mixture. 
 Let the batter rest for at least six hours. 
 To prepare  rice  crepes, in a non-stick frying pan heat a tablespoon of  clarified butter  over medium-low heat. 
 Pour in some batter and spread out into a paper-thin crepe. 
 Cook until the bottom has crisped up; turn over and cook the other side. 
 Remove the cooked crepe and reserve in a container with tight lid. 
 Repeat with the remaining batter. 
 For stuffing, heat  oil  in a non-stick sauté pan; fry  garlic  and  ginger  until light brown. 
 Put in minced meat,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Brown the meat and add minced chilies, chopped  tomatoes , crushed  Cheese  and chopped  scallion . 
 Stir in for a few of minutes in low heat until all ingredients are cooked. 
 Adjust seasoning with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Reserve in a large plate to cool. 
 On a large plate, put a  rice  crepe and brush on lightly with some  clarified butter . 
 Place one and half tablespoons of stuffing mixture in the middle of the crepe and spread out across the middle. 
 Fold one edge over the mixture and roll up. 
 Repeat with the other pancakes. 
 Arrange them in a large plate, topped with achar to serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Dal Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Add category