Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Braised_Assorted_Fungus

        
 Description : 
 Serves 2
 
 Ingredients : 
 50 grams (3½ tablespoons)  button mushrooms 
 50 grams (3½ tablespoons)  straw mushrooms 
 50 grams (3½ tablespoons)  abalone mushrooms 
 2 dried  mushrooms 
 a few small pieces  golden fungus 
 a few small pieces  black fungus 
 a few small pieces  white fungus 
 20 grams (about 1½ tablespoons) dried  lily flowers 
 50 grams (3½ tablespoons)  carrot 
 50 grams (3½ tablespoons) sweet  peas / pea pods 
 1 teaspoon  rice wine  or dry  sherry 
 2 tablespoons  oil 
 Stock : 
 500 ml (2⅛ cups)  water 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon  sugar 
 1 slice  ginger 
 1 stalk spring/ green onion 
 Seasoning : 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon light  soy sauce 
 1½ teaspoons  Sugar 
 ½ teaspoon  sesame oil 
 300 ml (about 1¼ cups) vegetarian  stock 
 Thickening : 
 ½ teaspoon  cornstarch  ( cornflour ) 
 1 tablespoon  water 
 2 tablespoons  oil  for stir-frying 
 Directions : 
 Wash and soak the dried  mushrooms , fungi and dried  lily flowers . 
 Wash, peel and thinly slice the  carrot . Wash the sweet  Peas , and parboil for 1 minute. Drain. 
 Rinse the remaining  mushrooms . 
 Boil the vegetarian stock. Add the yellow fungus,  black fungus  and the dried  lily flowers  and cook for 5 minutes. Drain. 
 While the fungus and dried  lily flowers  are boiling, prepare the seasoning and the  cornstarch  mixture. Set aside. 
 Heat wok and add ½ tablespoon  oil . When  oil  is ready, add the  carrots  and sweet  peas  and stir-fry on high heat. Remove and set aside. 
 Heat ½ tablespoon  oil  in the wok. When  oil  is ready, add all the  mushrooms  and stir-fry on high heat for 1 minute. Remove and set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  oil  in the wok. When  oil  is heated, add the fungus, dried  lily flowers  and the  rice wine  and seasoning. Braise for 5 minutes. 
 Add the  mushrooms  and braise for another 5 minutes. 
 Add in the  carrots  and sweet  peas , stirring. Give the  cornstarch / water  mixture and add in, stirring to thicken. Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0d/220px-ChampignonMushroom.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110421044746']
Categories: American Chinese Vegetarian, Straw mushroom Recipes, Golden needle Recipes, Wood ear mushroom Recipes, Silver ear mushroom Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Sake Recipes, Rice wine Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Pea Recipes, Snow pea Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category