Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sfiha_(Lahm_Bi%60ajeen)


 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 quantity of Khoubiz dough recipe* 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 1 # pound of fresh, coarsely ground  Lamb 
 1 medium  Onion , chopped fine 
 1/2 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 1/2 teaspoon ground  allspice 
 1/4 teaspoon  black pepper 
 1/4 teaspoon  white pepper 
 salt  to taste 
 1/2 cup chopped  tomatoes 
 2 Tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 extra  vegetable oil 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the Khoubiz dough. Set aside to rise 1 1/2 hours (this should become double in size)
 Heat the  vegetable oil  in a heavy large skillet over medium high heat. Add the ground  Lamb  and stir and cook until the meat is crumbly and it is no longer pink. Stir in the chopped  Onion  and cook, stirring until the  Onion  is soft , about 5 minutes. Stir in the  pine nuts  and all of the spices and seasonings. Stir and cook for one minute. Add the chopped  tomatoes . Cover the skillet , reduce the heat to low and cook for 10–15 minutes until the  tomato  is soft. Remove from heat. Stir in the fresh  lemon juice . The mixture should not be watery but it should be moist. Set aside to cool.
 Punch down the dough and roll on a lightly floured pastry board till it is 1/4 inch thick. Cut 10 4 inch rounds. Continue to roll the trimmings into a ball, roll them out and cut into rounds also. Place the rounds on a cloth and cover with another cloth.
 Take a round of dough and flute the edges with fingertips. Spread a heaping tablespoon of the meat/nut mixture and into the small pie shell you have formed. Place one inch apart on an  oil  baking sheet. Lightly brush the pies, including the meat and the crust with more  oil .
 Bake in a pre heated oven at 350 degrees 15 minutes or until the crust is golden.
 Best way to eat: Serve hot out of the oven or warm with fresh  lemon  or plain  yogurt .
 
 
 
 
Categories: Allspice Recipes, Kuwaiti Meat Dishes, Kuwaiti Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, White pepper Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category