Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Humboldt_Pudding

Description : 
 Named after the famous explorer and influential naturalist,  Alexander von Humboldt  (1769–1859), this was one of  Charles Ranhofer 's elaborate molded puddings. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 5 – 6 large  pancakes 
 apricot  marmalade 
 8 oz  butter 
 4 whole  eggs 
 5  egg whites  (divided use) 
 8 oz  sugar  (divided use) 
 4 oz  flour 
 4 oz dried, peeled  almonds 
 Sauce : 
 ½ cup apricot  marmalade 
 ½ cup  syrup 
 ½ cup  Madeira  wine 
 Directions : 
 Pound the almonds into a powder with 4 oz of sugar, then pass through a sieve. 
 Make five or six large pancakes. 
 Coat them on one side with a layer of apricot marmalade and cut them 1¼ inch strips. 
 Set the odd shaped pieces aside. 
 Line a buttered dome-shaped cylindrical mold with the pancake strips, marmalade side up, allowing them to overlap. 
 Cover the odd shaped pancake pieces with apricot marmalade and roll them into small rolls, then cut them in half-inch long bits. 
 Cream the butter. 
 One at a time, add the whole eggs and two of the egg whites to it. 
 When this becomes frothy, add four oz of sugar, then the flour and the almond sugar powder. 
 Mix thoroughly. 
 Fold in the remaining well-beaten egg-whites. 
 Pour this preparation into the pancake-lined mold, alternating it with layers of the small rolls previously prepared. 
 When the mold is full set it in a  bain-marie  and allow the water to come to a boil on the fire, then cook it in a slow oven for 45 minutes. 
 As soon as the pudding is done take it out and let it stand for a few moments before unmolding it on a dish, brush it over with hot apricot marmalade and serve with a sauce-boat of apricot sauce (recipe follows). 
 Sauce : 
 In a saucepan, dilute the apricot marmalade with the syrup. 
 Heat to a boil, then strain through a wire sieve. 
 Add some good Madeira wine and mix in thoroughly. 
 
 
 
Categories: Dessert Recipes, Pancake Recipes, Pudding Recipes, Marmalade Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Almond Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category