Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ukranian_Borscht_Soup

Contents 
 
 1   rubbish description of life in this terrible world. 
 
 1.1   its really yuck lol dont try it lol you'll wee yourself and do poo poo. 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 rubbish description of life in this terrible world. : 
 please insert, into the headphone jack.
 
 its really yuck lol dont try it lol you'll wee yourself and do poo poo. : 
 2 girls one cup, click the next link you see to go there. 
 
 
 go on omegle . com 
 1  carrot , in all. 
 1  parsley root , in all. 
 2 ounces  celery root , in all. 
 1 teaspoon  salt  plus additional  salt  to taste. 
 3 medium beets. 
 1 tablespoon  unsalted butter . 
 3  tomatoes . 
 2  potatoes . 
 1/3 head  cabbage . 
 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper . 
 2 tablespoons  tomato  paste. 
 1/4 pound boiled  Ham , cut into 1/2-inch dice. 
 3 cloves  garlic , crushed in a  garlic  press or finely chopped. 
 6 teaspoons  sour cream . 
 Directions : 
 Halve the  tomatoes  and grate on a coarse grater so that the peel is left in your hand and can be discarded. 
 Peel the  potatoes  and cut each into 6 cubes. 
 Remove the core from the  cabbage  and cut the leaves into 1-inch squares. 
 Bring the meat stock to a boil, add the  potatoes  and  black pepper , and simmer for ten minutes. 
 Add the  cabbage  and cook for 10 minutes more. 
 Add the sauted vegetables, beets,  tomatoes ,  tomato  paste, and simmer for 5 minutes. 
 Add the  Ham , cooked beans, and  Mushrooms , and simmer for 5 minutes more. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 While the vegetables are cooking, cut the meat into 1-inch cubes. 
 Add the meat,  parsley ,  dill , and  garlic  to the soup. 
 While adding the meat, chop up more carrots and place into the soup. 
 Leave to stand for 5 mins. 
 .
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Celeriac Recipes, Dill Recipes, Ham Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Parsley root Recipes, Parsley root Soup Recipes, Add category