Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pastel%C3%B3n_de_Pl%C3%A1tano

Description : 
 Ripe  plantain  pie. Pastelón de Plátano makes a hearty, tasty meal. Serve with side dishes that do not compete with the flavor, such as white or yellow  rice  or plain  pasta .
 
 Ingredients : 
 A : 
 3  garlic  cloves 
 ½ cup pitted olives,  pepper  or onion-stuffed 
 2  green bell peppers , chopped 
 ½ medium  onion , chopped 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 3  bay leaves 
 2 tbsp cooking  wine 
 B : 
 ½ lb lean  ground meat 
 ⅓ cup  raisins 
 C : 
 6  plantains , ripe but not overripe 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 D : 
 3 tbsp melted  butter 
 1 tbsp grated  Parmesan cheese 
 Directions : 
 Pour the  olive oil  in a medium saucepan and heat over medium heat. Add the remaining ingredients included in (A). Sauté for about five minutes. 
 Warm the  oil  over medium-high heat. Add the ground  garlic  and stir-fry for around a minute. 
 Stir the ground meat into the ingredients already in the saucepan. Cook for about ten minutes. Add the  Raisins . Continue to cook for another ten minutes or until the meat is cooked but not dry. You may want to remove the  bay leaves  at this time. 
 Slice the  plantains  lengthwise. Use a separate saucepan to fry the  plantain  slices over medium heat in two tablespoonfuls of  olive oil . Remove from the saucepan. Wipe excess  oil  with paper napkins. 
 Use a deep square baking pan. Grease thoroughly with about half of the melted  butter . Cover the bottom of the pan with a row of  plantains . Add enough of the cooked meat to make a layer, following the style for preparing lasagna. 
 Alternate rows of  plantains  and meat until both are used up. 
 Pour the remaining melted  butter  over the pie. Sprinkle with the  Parmesan cheese . Bake at 350°F for about twenty minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Raisin Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category