Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lamb_Casserole

Description : 
       Lamb Casserole     
 This recipe is for 6 serves.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 pounds boneless  lamb  for stew, cut into 2-inch pieces 
 1  onion , coarsely chopped 
 1  leek , sliced 
 1  carrot , scraped and sliced 
 small stalk of  celery  with leaves 
 ½ teaspoon  oregano 
 pinch of ground  cumin 
 1 sprig  parsley 
 1  bay leaf 
 6 small  potatoes , peeled, or 3 large  potatoes , peeled and halved 
 ½ pound  winter squash , peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes 
 salt , freshly ground  pepper 
 3 small  zucchini , cut into 1-inch slices 
 ½ pound  green beans , cut into 1-inch pieces 
 2 cups fresh  corn  kernels 
 2  eggs , lightly beaten 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Put the  lamb ,  onion ,  leek ,  carrot ,  celery ,  oregano ,  cumin ,  parsley , and  bay leaf  into a large saucepan or casserole. 
 Pour in enough  water  to cover, about 6 cups, bring to a boil, skim off any froth that rises to the surface, lower the heat, cover, and simmer until the meat is almost tender, about 1½ hours. 
 Lift out the pieces of  lamb  onto a plate and set aside. 
 Strain the stock, pressing down to extract all the juices. 
 Discard the solids. 
 Rinse out and dry casserole. 
 Return the  lamb  pieces to the casserole and add the  potatoes  and winter  squash . 
 Pour in the strained stock, adding a little  water  if necessary to cover the  lamb  and vegetables. 
 Season to taste with  salt  and  pepper  and simmer 15 minutes. 
 Add the  zucchini , beans, and  corn , and simmer until the beans are tender, about 10 minutes. 
 Whisk a cup of the hot stock gradually into the  eggs , then pour the mixture into the saucepan, stirring to mix. 
 Do not let the liquid boil, as the  eggs  will curdle. 
 Cook over very low heat until the  eggs  have thickened the sauce. 
 The winter  squash  will have disintegrated, also thickening the sauce slightly. 
 Serve in soup plates, making sure that each serving has a little of everything. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/82/Cazuela.gif/revision/latest?cb=20080516004819']
Categories: Chilean Meat Dishes, Casserole Recipes, Corn Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Leek Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Potato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Winter squash Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Egg Recipes, Add category