Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cab_Sav_T-bone_with_Bleu_Cheese

A great way to cook a restaurant-quality t-bone steak in one pan, without using the grill, a skillet, or an oven. This recipe will produce ONE t-bone steak, cooked medium-rare. With sides, serves 2.
 
 1 18-oz. t-bone steak 
 1 small white onion 
 1 clove of garlic, medium size OR 1 tsp. minced garlic 
 1/2 cup cabernet sauvignon 
 extra virgin olive oil 
 kosher salt 
 pepper 
 water 
 bleu cheese 
 Remove steak from fridge. Let sit, packaged, at room temperature, while cutting onions and garlic.
 Cut onion in half, from top-to-bottom. Cut both halves into half-rings. Mince garlic clove. Set both aside.
 In large frying pan, heat 3 tbsp. olive oil over medium-high heat. Add half of minced garlic. Sautee garlic for 20 seconds, stirring constantly. Turn heat down to medium. Add onions. Salt generously. Sautee onions and garlic, stirring occasionally, for about 3 minutes. Turn heat to low and cover.
 Rinse steak with cold water. Pat dry with paper towels. Place on plate or in dish. Coat both sides generously with olive oil. Cover each side with salt, pepper, and remaining garlic. Pat seasoning into steak with hands.
 Turn heat on pan to medium-high. Move onions to edge of pan, leaving room in the center for steak. Place steak directly onto the center. Cover pan with lid. Let sit for 1 minute. After 1 minute, take lid off pan. Stir onions, flip steak. Cover again with lid, and let sit for 1 minute.
 Remove lid. Flip and move steak to one side of pan, and move onions to the other side. Add wine, pouring just a little bit onto the top of the steak. Cover with lid. Turn heat down to medium and allow to cook for 3-1/2 minutes. Remove lid again. Flip steak one last time, stir wine and onions, and add a splash of water. Cover with lid and allow to sit for 3-1/2 minutes. To check doneness, use steak knife to cut into strip loin portion near the bone. Meat should "bleed" wine and appear dark pink to red inside. After sitting without heat, steak will cook itself a little bit more from where it appears now, so don't overcook.
 Remove pan from heat and uncover. Stir onions and wine. Let sit for 7 minutes. Move steak to cutting board and cut into slices against the grain. Plate in slices. Heat pan over medium-low heat with wine and onions for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Turn off heat. Spoon wine sauce and onions over top of steak. Add crumbled bleu cheese to top, and serve.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Red wine Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Add category