Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Boiled_Corned_Beef_Dinner

Ingredients : 
 5 – 6 lbs  corned beef 
 ½ medium  onion , with skin on 
 2 cloves  garlic , crushed 
 5 whole  cloves 
 1½ teaspoons  pickling spices 
 2  bay leaves 
 1 head  cabbage , remove outer leaves and cut through stem into 8 wedges 
 2 small  turnips , peeled and cut into 1 inch chunks 
 6 large  carrots , peeled,cut in one inch chunks 
 8 medium  potatoes , peeled,cut in one inch chunks 
 Directions : 
 Place corned  beef  in a large pot, cover with cold  water . 
 Bring to a simmer, simmer for 5 minutes, then remove and rinse meat, empty the  water  out of the pan. 
 Place meat back in the pan along with the  onion ,  garlic , the cloves,  pickling spice  and  bay leaves . 
 Cover with 12 cups cold  water , or more to cover the meat. 
 Bring back to a simmer, partially cover the pan, simmer for 3 – 4 hours (adding more  water  as necessary to keep  beef  covered), until  beef  is tender, but not falling apart. 
 Remove the  beef  from the pot, wrap in foil, and keep warm. 
 Strain the cooking liquid, and add it back to the pot, discarding the  onion  and spices. 
 Bring the liquid back to a simmer, and add the vegetables in this order — (you should end up with all the veggies in the pot together) cabbage—give it about 4 minutes, then add turnips — give them about 5 minutes, then add carrots — give them about 3 minutes, and then add  potatoes , simmering for about 10 – 15 more minutes. 
 They should all be fork tender. 
 David serves it this way — slice corned  beef  thinly against the grain, place in a shallow soup bowl with vegetables, and ladle about ½ cup stock over all, with  mustard  and/or horseradish on the side. 
 We have it in dinner plates sliced, with our veggies on the side, and plenty of  butter  and  salt  and  pepper  on them. 
 Also great with crusty bread, and maybe some  mustard  or horseradish on the side. 
 
 
 
Categories: New England Meat Dishes, Corned beef Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Turnip Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category