Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Paneer_Matar_Makhani


 
 Description : 
 Cottage cheese in a yoghurt sauce
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  paneer  (cottage cheese) diced into cubes and fried till lightly browned 
 1 cup fresh  onion  paste 
 2 cups finely chopped  tomatoes 
 1 tbsp  ginger - garlic  paste 
 1 tsp  tomato paste 
 2 tbsp plain  yoghurt 
 1 cup  peas 
 1 tsp  cumin  seeds 
 salt , to taste 
 ¼ tsp  turmeric  powder 
 ½ tsp red  chili powder 
 ½ tsp  coriander powder 
 ½ tsp  garam masala 
 2 tbsp cooking  oil 
 Chopped  coriander leaves  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Heat  oil  in a pan and add  cumin  seeds. Add  onion  paste and fry till paste starts to dry. 
 Add ginger- garlic  paste and  tomatoes  and cook till  tomatoes  pulp nicely. 
 Add  salt ,  turmeric , red  chili powder , coriander powder and 1 tsp of  tomato paste . Allow to come to a boil. Add  water  to get desired gravy consistency. 
 Add  yoghurt  and let the gravy come to a boil. 
 Add fried paneer pieces and  peas  and cover cook for 5 – 7 minutes. 
 Garnish with fresh  coriander leaves  and a sprinkle of  garam masala . 
 Recipe by Hooked on Heat : 
 The blog created by Meenakshi Agarwal is filled with, as the blogger says, lots of spice and everything nice. The pleasant design of the blog is matched by a huge variety of unique content – something you can rarely say about websites or blogs today – facts which make Hooked on Heat a valuable resource for anyone interested in Indian food. 
 Here you will find information on hundreds of Indian dishes, starting from Dips, Sauces and Chutneys, going through Soups and Salads and passing through Delectable Desserts and other food categories that will make your mouth  water . You can reach this wealth of information at the following URL:  hookedonheat.blogspot.com 
 
       Hooked on Heat Blog     
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a7/Hookedonheat.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/500?cb=20080516004853']
Categories: Chili powder Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Hooked on Heat, Indian Vegetarian, Paneer Recipes, Pea Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tomato Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category