Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Steak_Fajitas

Description : 
 Casual dining outdoors - what could be better? In this recipe, meat, veggies, even the flour tortillas are prepared on the grill. So fire it up and invite a few friends.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes gor Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Makes 4 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound lean  ribeye steak  (may substitute strip, sirloin or shell) 
 1 teaspoon  black pepper 
 ½ teaspoon  cumin 
 ½ teaspoon  chili powder 
 1  green bell pepper 
 1  red bell pepper 
 1 medium-hot  poblano pepper  (dark green and triangular) 
 1 medium  yellow onion 
 8 fat-free flour  tortillas 
 tomatoes , optional 
 Directions : 
 At least two hours before dinner, dust a 1-pound ribeye steak with freshly ground black pepper, cumin, and chili powder. 
 Let sit in refrigerator so spice flavors can penetrate the meat. 
 Cut the peppers into large segments, discarding the ribs and seeds. 
 Next, cut onion into thick slices, making sure not to pull onion rings apart. 
 Prepare grill and adjust heat accordingly. 
 Place peppers and onion slices on grill and cover. 
 Roast peppers by turning frequently until they are covered with dark spots, but not burnt. 
 Cook onion slices until brown, being sure not to char. 
 Remove peppers and onion slices from grill. 
 After allowing the peppers to cool 3-4 minutes, pull off the waxy-papery skins. 
 Slice the peppers crosswise into strips. 
 Next, take the onion slices and break into rings. 
 Mix the peppers and onions in a serving bowl. 
 Place ribeye on grill, turning frequently. 
 Warm eight fat-free tortillas on the edge of the grill, keeping them away from direct heat, so they warm and soften but don't dry out or turn crisp. 
 After cooking, remove steak from grill and cut diagonally into thin slices. 
 Roll several slices of steak and a share of the peppers and onions into tortillas and serve. 
 Notes : 
 Cooking Tip: It is important to let the dry rub of spices penetrate the meat. It not only tenderizes the meat, but also adds extra flavor. For a short cut, peppers don't have to be peeled.
 To help keep the meat moist when grilling, use the cover on your grill during part or all of the cook time to help lock in flavorful juices. If your grill doesn't have a cover, improvise by putting a large, disposable foil roasting pan over the food.
 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 Calories 334 (24% from fat) | fat 9.2g (sat 3.5g) | protein 29.4g | carb 35.0g | fiber 14.3g | chol 60mg | iron 10.7mg | sodium 426mg. 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Beef rib Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Fajita Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Poblano pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category