Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/For_the_Love_of_Chocolate

For the Love of Chocolate : 
 Almost everyone loves chocolate. In a recent study conducted by the Chocolate Manufacturers Association, chocolate was ranked as America's favorite flavor. Of course, the love of chocolate is not unique to modern society. As far back as 2000 years ago, the Mayans created a drink from crushed cocoa beans and referred to chocolate as "food of the gods." 
 Chocolate might even be good for us! Some medical studies have indicated some health benefits associated with eating chocolate. According to Larry Graham, president of the American Cocoa Research Institute (ACRI), chocolate is very high in antioxidants. In fact, it contains one of the highest levels of antioxidant compounds that can be found in any food and may reduce the risk for coronary heart disease. Subjects in a study conducted at Pennsylvania State University experience higher HDL, "good," cholesterol levels when they included small amounts of chocolate in their diets. Experts have concluded that eating chocolate might increase endorphins, "feel-good" chemicals in our brains, and lift our moods. Chocolate also contains several important minerals and is a major source of copper in our diet. 
 So go ahead, indulge that craving. Enjoying chocolate in moderation, as part of a sensible diet, is not only tasty, it's good for you too. 
 Here are some recipes to help you get your chocolate fix: 
 
 Ultimate Brownies 
 Decadent Chocolate Truffles 
 About the Author : 
 Sherri Allen is the editor of an award-winning website devoted to topics such as family, food, garden, house&home and money. For free articles, information, tips, recipes, reviews and coloring pages, visit  http://www.SherriAllen.com/ 
 Sherri Allen may be contacted at  http://www.SherriAllen.com/  sherri@sherriallen.com
 Sherri Allen is the editor of an online publication featuring topics such as family, food, home, garden and money. For great tips, resources, articles, recipes, reviews and coloring pages, visit www.SherriAllen.com
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Chocolate, Brownie Recipes, Add category