Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pastel_de_Tres_Leches_I

Description : 
 Three milk cake.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake : 
 1½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 tablespoon  baking powder 
 4  eggs , separated 
 1½ cups  sugar 
 ½ cup  milk 
 fresh  strawberries , for garnish (optional) 
 mint  leaves, for garnish (optional) 
 Topping : 
 1 (12 ounce) can  evaporated milk 
 1 (14 ounce) can  sweetened condensed milk 
 2 cups  milk 
 1 (16 ounce) carton  sour cream 
 Meringue : 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ½ cup  water , heated 
 3  egg whites 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F degrees. 
 Grease and  flour  a 13-by-9-by-2-inch baking pan. 
 Sift  flour  with  baking powder . 
 In large bowl with clean beaters, beat  egg whites  until frothy. 
 Add  sugar  gradually, beating to form stiff peaks. 
 Add  yolks , 1 at a time. 
 Slowly add  flour  and  milk . 
 Pour batter into prepared pan and bake until edges are golden brown, about 40 to 45 minutes. 
 Remove from oven and let cool on a rack. 
 Prepare  Topping . 
 Pour topping over cake and let sit until all the mixture is absorbed, 20 to 30 minutes. 
 Prepare meringue and refrigerate. 
 Before serving, cut cake into squares and spread meringue over each. 
 Garnish as desired with fresh  berries  and  mint  leaves. 
 Topping : 
 Combine  milks  and  sour cream  (do not beat). 
 Use as directed. 
 Heat  water  in a saucepan. Add  sugar  and turn off heat. 
 Let sit until  sugar  is dissolved. 
 In clean electric mixer bowl with clean beaters, beat  egg whites . 
 Slowly pour  sugar syrup  over  egg whites , beating constantly until meringue holds stiff peaks. 
 Store in refrigerator. 
 This can be served immediately but is best made 24 hours ahead and chilled. 
 The meringue will keep, covered, 2 days in the refrigerator. 
 
 
 
Categories: Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Meringue cake Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sour cream Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Sweetened condensed milk Recipes, Add category