Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Easy_Taco_Pizza

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Better Homes and Gardens 
 Start to Finish: 40 minutes 
 Makes 6 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2 to 2½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup warm  water  (120°F to 130°F) 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 ¾ cup  cornmeal 
 ¾ pound  ground beef 
 1 cup chopped  onion 
 1 x 8-ounce can  tomato sauce 
 1 x 2¼-ounce can sliced pitted ripe  olives , drained 
 1 x 1¼-ounce envelope  taco seasoning  mix 
 2 cups shredded  cheddar  cheese (8 ounces) 
 2 cups shredded  lettuce 
 2 cups chopped  tomatoes 
 2 medium  avocados , seeded, peeled, and chopped 
 1 x 8-ounce carton dairy  sour cream 
 chili powder  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 In a large bowl combine 1¼ cups of the  flour , the  yeast , and  salt . 
 Add warm  water  and 2 tablespoons  oil . 
 Beat with an electric mixer on low speed For 30 Seconds, scraping bowl constantly. 
 Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. 
 Using a spoon, stir in  cornmeal  and as much of the remaining  flour  as you can. 
 Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. 
 Knead in enough remaining  flour  to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes total). 
 Divide dough in half. Cover and let rest 10 minutes. 
 Grease two 11- to 13-inch pizza pans or baking sheets. 
 On a lightly floured surface, roll each half of dough into a circle 1 inch larger than pizza pan. 
 Transfer dough to pans. 
 Build up edges slightly. Flute edges, if desired. 
 Prick generously with a fork. Do not let rise. [1] 
 Bake in a 425°F oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Pizza : 
 Meanwhile, in a large skillet cook  ground beef  and  onion  until meat is brown and  onion  is tender. Drain fat. 
 Stir in  tomato sauce , and  taco seasoning  mix; Heat through. 
 Spread  ground beef  mixture over hot crusts. 
 Sprinkle with cheese. 
 Bake about 12 minutes or until cheese melts. 
 Top with  lettuce ,  tomatoes , and  avocados . 
 Spoon  sour cream  into center of each pizza. 
 Sprinkle  sour cream  with  chili powder , if desired. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza dough; Divide into 2 equal portions. Place in plastic freezer bags. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Tomato Recipes, World Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Onion Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Add category