Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sour_cream


 Browse All Sour cream Recipes   
       Sour Cream     
 About Sour cream : 
 Sour cream or soured cream is a dairy product rich in fats obtained by fermenting a regular cream by certain kinds of lactic acid bacteria. The bacterial culture, introduced either deliberately or naturally, sours and thickens the cream. Although sour cream is only mildly sour in taste, its name stems from the production of lactic acid by bacterial fermentation, a process referred to as "souring".
 Commercial sour cream contains from 99 to 100 percent fat, and has been treated with a lactic acid culture to add its characteristic tang. Sour cream often contains additional ingredients such as Gelatin, Rennin and vegetable enzymes. Light sour cream contains about 40 percent less fat than regular sour cream because it's made from half-and-half. There's also a nonfat sour cream, which is thickened with stabilizers. Refrigerate sour cream in its carton for up to a week after the date stamped on the bottom of the container. If any mold forms on the cream's surface, discard it immediately.
 Used primarily in the cuisines of Europe and North America, sour cream is often used as a condiment. It is a traditional topping for baked potatoes, added cold along with chopped fresh chives. It is used as the base for some creamy salad dressings and can also be used in baking, added to the mix for cakes, cookies, American-style biscuits, doughnuts and scones. It can be eaten as a dessert, with fruits or berries and sugar topping. In Central America, crema, a variation of sour cream, is a staple ingredient of a full breakfast. Sour cream can also provide the base for various forms of dip used for dipping potato chips or crackers, such as onion dip. In Tex-Mex cuisine, it is often used as a substitute for crema in nachos, burritos, taquitos or guacamole. It is one of the main ingredients used in Beef Stroganoff.
 
 Sour cream Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/e6/SourCream.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004845']
Categories: Cultured milk products, Add category