Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Swedish_Meatballs_in_Sour_Cream_Sauce

      Swedish Meatballs in Sour Cream Sauce     
 Description : 
 Buttered  rice , noodles or  pasta  of any kind go well with this.
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ lb  beef  chuck , fat free 
 ½ lb fresh lean  pork , fat free 
 ½ lb  veal , all fat 
 2 tablespoons  breadcrumbs 
 ¼ cup  cream 
 2 tablespoons diced  beef  marrow 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 ½ cup chopped  onions 
 1 tablespoon chopped  shallots 
 ½ teaspoon chopped  garlic 
 1 teaspoon grated fresh  lemon   rind 
 2 tablespoons chopped  parsley 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon fresh ground  pepper 
 ½ teaspoon  thyme 
 2  eggs 
 3 tablespoons  butter 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the meat balls at least an hour before cook. 
 Soak the crumbs in the  cream  for 5 minutes, then put them in a mixing bowl with the marrow and ground meats. 
 Melt the 2 tablespoons  butter  in a frying pan and in it cook the chopped  Onion , shallots and  garlic  over moderate heat for 5 minutes. 
 Add the grated  lemon  rind,  parsley ,  salt ,  pepper , and  thyme . 
 Beat the 2  eggs  and pour them over the meat. 
 Beat this mixture until the ingredients are combined and the meat loses its granular texture. 
 Form into small balls. 
 Roll it over the meat until you have shaped it into a sphere. 
 Place the meat balls on a baking sheet or platter lined with wax paper. 
 Roll each lightly in  flour  just before frying them. 
 Cover them with another sheet of waxed paper, and chill for at least an hour. 
 Melt the 3 tablespoons  butter  and 2 tablespoons  oil  over high heat in a large heavy frying pan. 
 Drop into the pan enough meat balls to cover the bottom . 
 At once slide the pan back and forth over the burner so that they roll around in the hot fat. 
 Turn the heat down to moderate, and cook the balls 6–7 minutes longer. 
 Transfer the finished meatballs to a casserole . 
 If the fat remaining in it is brown, pour off all but 3 tablespoons of it. 
 Stir into the pan 2 tablespoons of  flour  and mix it to a smooth paste with the fat. 
 Return the pan to a low heat and cook this roux for a minute of so. 
 Then pour in the cup of stock. 
 Raise the heat and beat this sauce together until it boils. 
 Then turn the heat down to the barest simmer. 
 Stir the  sour cream  into the sauce, about a tablespoons at a time. 
 Add the fresh  dill ,  lemon juice ,  salt  to taste and  cayenne . 
 Pour the sauce over the meatballs in the casserole. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/9/96/685153329.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004226']
Categories: Swedish Appetizers, Meatball Recipes, Rice Recipes, Veal Recipes, Beef Recipes, Pork Recipes, Add category