Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bouranee_Baunjan_I

Description : 
       Bouranee Baunjan     
 Afghan eggplant with yogurt sauce. This is my take on the Afghan dish Bouranee Baunjan, and although it is not exactly authentic, it is quite delicious. :) It's a bit of work to put it together, but is not difficult and is worth it. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large  globe eggplant 
 salt 
 oil  (for frying) 
 2 teaspoons  olive oil 
 1 teaspoon  butter  or  ghee 
 1 large  onion , sliced thinly 
 ½ [green [bell pepper]], seeded and sliced thinly (optional) 
 1 pinch  red pepper flakes , to taste 
 1 (14 – 15 ounces) can chopped  tomatoes , with juice 
 1 cup strained  yogurt  (also known as  yogurt cheese  or "chakah") 
 ½ teaspoon crushed  garlic , to taste 
 salt , to taste 
 Directions : 
 Clean the peel of the  eggplant , then cut the stem off. 
 Cut into ½ inch thick slices (leaving the peel on). 
 Spread slices on a flat surface or tray and sprinkle generously with  salt ; let sit for 30 minutes, then dry well with paper towels. 
 In a skillet or pan melt the  olive oil  and  butter  together over medium low heat; sauté the sliced  onion  (and  green pepper , if using) until nicely browned and slightly caramelized, then stir in the  red pepper flakes . 
 Pour  oil  into a separate deep frying pan (one that has a lid) to cover the bottom of pan; over medium high sauté the  eggplant  slices on both sides until lightly browned. 
 As the  eggplant  slices are done, gently squeeze them with tongs to remove as much  oil  out of them as possible; discard extra  oil . 
 Remove extra  oil  from the deep frying pan, then place one layer of  eggplant  slices on the bottom of the pan. 
 Place a bit of cooked  onion  on top of each slice; repeat with another layer of  eggplant  and cooked  onion , until you're out of slices and  onion . 
 Pour the chopped  tomatoes  with their juice over the slices and  onion , careful to not dislodge the  onion  too much. 
 Cover and simmer over medium heat for 15 minutes, then remove cover and simmer another 5 to reduce the sauce a bit. 
 Combine the strained/drained  yogurt , crushed  garlic  to taste, and  salt  to taste to make the chakah sauce. 
 When  eggplant  is done, remove from heat then carefully transfer the slices to serving dish (careful not to dislodge the toppings), then top each with a dollop of the chakah sauce. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fb/BouraneeBaunjan.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004506']
Categories: Afghan Vegetarian, American eggplant Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Yogurt cheese Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category