Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Superbowl_Chicken_and_Andouille

Description : 
 Sausage gumbo
 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Roux : 
 2 cups  flour 
 2 cups  vegetable oil 
 Gumbo : 
 6  green bell peppers 
 4  green onions 
 ½ white  onion 
 2  jalapeno  chiles (discard seeds From 1  chile ) 
 2  serrano  chiles (discard seeds From 1  chile ) 
 ½ bunch  celery 
 1½ Tbsp  thyme 
 2 cups  vegetable oil 
 3  red bell peppers 
 1  red onion 
 1 clove  garlic 
 5  bay leaves 
 1½ Tbsp  basil 
 1½ Tbsp  oregano 
 1 Tbsp  crushed red pepper 
 1 jar (2.2 oz) Cajun Magic Spice for poultry 
 2 lbs  Andouille   sausage  or  Polish sausage , cubed 
 1½ lbs cubed boneless, skinless  chicken breasts 
 ½ cup  filé powder 
 water 
 cooked  white rice 
 1½ Tbsp  white pepper 
 1½ tsp  cayenne pepper 
 6 quarts  chicken stock 
 Directions : 
 Roux : 
 Mix  flour  and  oil  in roasting pan. 
 Bake at 250°F, stirring often, about every ½ Hour, until mixture is the color of dark red clay, about 5 hours or more. 
 Remove from oven. 
 Gumbo : 
 Dice all vegetables. Put into 12 quart kettle. 
 Cook until limp, about 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Stir in  bay leaves ,  thyme ,  basil ,  oregano ,  white pepper ,  crushed red pepper ,  cayenne  and half the Cajun Magic Spice mixture. Mix thoroughly over medium heat. 
 Stir in half of the roux. 
 Gradually stir in  chicken stock  until well blended. 
 Heat to simmer. 
 Add more roux if thicker consistency is desired. 
 Sauté cubed  sausage  in non-stick skillet until  sausage  is browned, about 5 to 10 minutes. 
 Drained off excess grease and add  sausage  to simmering gumbo mixture. 
 Mix the cubed  chicken  with the remaining Cajun Magic Spice mixture. 
 Sauté in non-stick skillet until  chicken  is browned, about 5 to 10 Minutes. Drain and add  chicken  to gumbo. 
 Simmer gumbo over medium heat stirring often for 1 hour. 
 Just prior to serving heat gumbo to boil. Turn off heat. 
 Add  filé powder . Stir well. 
 Add  water  if needed to thin to desired consistency. 
 Serve hot with a dollop of cooked  rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Superbowl Recipes, Gumbo Recipes, Andouille Recipes, Celery Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, White rice Recipes, Add category