Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sizzling_Rice_Soup


 
 Description : 
 Start the  rice  a day ahead unless you're using microwave directions. Any crispy  rice  left over is delicious used in salads or eaten out of hand. The preparation needs planning to assure that both the soup and the  rice  are brought to the table at the same moment. It takes a little doing, but well worth the effort.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  long-grain rice  (not converted) 
 1 cup  water 
 1 whole  chicken  breast, skinned,boned and cut into julienne strips 
 3 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 3 tablespoons  water 
 1 tablespoon  soy sauce 
 6 cups  chicken stock 
 2 cups shredded fresh  watercress   or   lettuce   or   spinach 
 ½ cup finely chopped  green onions 
 1 teaspoon  sesame oil 
 vegetable oil  (for deep frying) 
 Directions : 
 Rice : 
 This step is done the night before, or 1 hour before if the  rice  is to be dried in a microwave oven. 
 In a large saucepan or dutch oven combine  rice  and  water  over high heat. 
 Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat to medium and cook 10 minutes then reduce heat to low and cook an additional 30 minutes without removing lid. 
 The crusty  rice  around the sides and bottom will stick to the pan and will be used in the soup. Take off the top layer of soft  rice  and reserve for another use. 
 Lift out the crusty  rice  and place on a cookie sheet to dry at room temperature, or place in a glass baking dish in a microwave oven for 10 minutes on low. 
 Soup : 
 Toss the strips of  chicken  breast with 1 tablespoons of the  cornstarch  and set aside. 
 In a small container combine remaining 2 tablespoons  cornstarch  with  water  and soy sauce. 
 Heat  chicken stock  just to boiling then stir in soy mixture and  chicken  and simmer for 5 minutes. 
 Add the shredded greens,  onions  and  sesame oil , if desired. 
 Keep the soup hot (but not boiling) while frying  rice . 
 Heat  oil  to 375 °F in a deep fryer or heavy saucepan and fry  rice  3 to 5 minutes until puffed and lightly browned, being careful because it can burn quickly. 
 Lift  rice  out of the  oil  with a slotted spoon. 
 Drain the  rice  on paper towels and place in heated tureen or bowls, pour in the soup and serve at once. 
 Or, hot fried  rice  balls can be dropped into individual servings of hot soup, creating a"sizzling" sound. 
 Additional fried  rice  may be passed during the course. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cress Recipes, Hawaiian Soups, Lettuce Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Add category