Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sweet_n%27_Sour_Recipes...

NATURE'S CANDY:
This is a treat that's sweet and also healthy to eat!
 NEEDED:
lb. (about 10) pitted dates
lb. (about 12) dried figs
lb. (about 12) dried apricots
1cup raisins
1 cup chopped nuts
2 tbsp. shredded coconut
a tray or cutting board
plastic knives
a chopping knife (for parents' use only)
a large bowl
a mixing spoon
waxed paper
a large plate
 DIRECTIONS:
Put each ingredient, except the coconut, on the tray or
cutting board one at a time. Take turns with your child
chopping the fruits and nuts with the plastic knives.
(When your child has finished, you may need to use the
sharp knife to make sure that ingredients are chopped
finely.) Place all the chopped ingredients in the large
bowl. Use the spoon to mix everything together. Optional:
Ask your child to moisten his/her hands with a little
water. Let him/her help form the mixture into 1-inch
balls. Sprinkle the coconut on a sheet of waxed paper.
Ask your child to roll balls in the coconut and then
place the balls on the plate. As you enjoy your snack
together, talk about how it is similar to (and different
from) other kinds of candy.
 
  SIMPLE SPINACH PIE
 
 INGREDIENTS:
Canola cooking oil spray
3 packages (10 oz. each) frozen spinach
1 tsp. extra virgin olive oil
2 large egg whites at room temperature
1/4 cup (1 oz.) crumbled reduced-fat feta cheese
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
3/4 tsp. salt, or to taste
1/4 tsp. freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup reduced-sodium, fat-free chicken broth
1/4 cup chopped dill (4 tsp. crumbled dried)
 DIRECTIONS:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Coat an 8-inch spring-form
pan with spray. Set aside. Cook spinach according to
package directions. When cool enough to handle, squeeze
spinach out to remove most of the water. Coarsely chop
spinach. Transfer to a bowl and toss with olive oil. In
medium bowl, whisk egg whites until foamy. Mix in feta
cheese, flour, salt and pepper to make a sticky dough.
Stir in chicken broth and dill. Add spinach and mix well
to combine. Spread mixture in prepared pan into an even
layer. Bake 15 minutes, until set. Cool in pan. Release
spring-lock and carefully remove sides of pan. Cut into
8 slices. With wide metal spatula, transfer slices to
serving plate, arranging them in a circular pattern,
pointed ends facing inward. Serve warm or at room
temperature.
Yield: 6 Servings
 
  CABBAGE TIPS
 
 One pound cabbage equals 4 cups shredded or 
 2 cups cooked cabbage.
 
 Choose firm heads that feel heavy for their size. Outer 
 leaves should look fresh, have good color, and be free
of blemishes.
 
 A fast and easy way to remove leaves from cabbage is to 
 cut around the core at the base of the cabbage. Remove
the core and grasp each individual cabbage leaf at its
base, rather than at the leaf's outer edge. Gently lift
the cabbage leaf from the cabbage.
 
 To shred the cabbage by hand, quarter and then core 
 the cabbage. Separate the cabbage quarters into stacks
so leaves will flatten when pressed lightly. Use a large
knife to cut each stack of cabbage diagonally into thin
shreds. To chop the cabbage, turn the pile of shredded
cabbage widthwise, then cut the cabbage shreds into a
fine dice.
 
 For a crisper cabbage for cole slaws, shred the cabbage 
 and soak it in salted ice water for 15 minutes and then
drain.
 
  APPLE AND RAISIN SLAW
 
 INGREDIENTS:
5 cups coarsely chopped red cabbage (about 1/2 medium head)
5 cups coarsely chopped green cabbage (about 1/2 medium head)
1 cup coarsely grated carrots (about 2 medium)
1 large tart green apple (such as Granny Smith), cored,
 
 coarsely chopped
 
 1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup raw unsalted sunflower seeds, toasted
1 1/2 cups plain nonfat yogurt
1/2 cup chopped fresh dill or 3 tablespoons dried dill weed
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
 DIRECTIONS:
Combine cabbages, carrots, apple, raisins and sunflower seeds
in very large bowl. Whisk yogurt, dill, vegetable oil and
vinegar in medium bowl to blend. Add dressing to cabbage mixture
and toss to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper. (Can be
prepared 3 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate. )
 Yield: 12 Servings
 
 
   RAINBOW COOKIE POPS
 
 INGREDIENTS:
3/4 cup butter, softened
3 ounces cream cheese
1 cup white sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
red, blue, green, and orange paste food coloring
dozen lollipop sticks
 DIRECTIONS:
In a bowl cream butter, cream cheese and sugar until fluffy.
Add egg and vanilla; beat until smooth In a medium bowl
combine flour, baking powder and salt. Add dry ingredients
to the creamed mixture. Stir till soft dough forms. Divide
dough into fourths. Tint each with a different food color.
Wrap in plastic wrap and chill for 2 hours. Preheat oven to
350 degrees. Working with each color, shape dough into 3/4
inch balls. For each cookie place 1 pink, 1 green, 1 blue
and 1 orange ball together to make large rainbow colored
ball. Shape into a 12 inch long roll (like a snake); starting
at one end, coil roll to make a 3/4 inch round cookie.
Place cookies 3 inches apart on lightly greased baking sheet.
Carefully insert lollipop sticks into bottoms of cookie
4. Bake cookies for 8 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool
and store in an airtight container.
 Yield: 2 dozen cookies
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Add category