Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Finnish_Carrot_Pancake_with_Cranberry_Sauce

Description : 
       Cranberry Sauce     
 The Finnish name for the  carrot  pancake is Porkkanapannukakku. The Finnish name for the  cranberry sauce  is Karpalokastike. Your guess is as good as mine for how these are pronounced.
 Here is a homey family supper that my family really enjoys at this time of year. It combines the colors and flavors of the season in a rather unusual (but delicious) way. While the nutritional profile is well within the elf guidelines, there is also ample room to cut fat and calories even farther - substituting 4  egg  white for 2 of the whole  eggs , using skim or 1%  milk , for example. 
 I like to serve this with some form of  green cabbage ; we like steamed  cabbage , but a crisp coleslaw (creamy or marinated) is good, too. I think  cucumbers  in  sour cream  is a more traditional accompaniment. I hope you enjoy it as much as we do!
 
 Ingredients : 
 Carrot pancake 
 12	cup	 carrot  grated 
 4	cup	 onion  grated 
 4	cup	dry bread crumbs or  wheat germ 
 24	large	 eggs 
 2	cup	 milk 
 4	cup	 flour  white,  wheat  or  rye 
 2 	tbs	 salt  or less to taste 
 1 tbs	 thyme  scant 
 1	tbs	 nutmeg  scant 
 2	tsp	ground  cumin 
 freshly ground  pepper  to taste 
 1/4 	cup	 canola oil 
 Cranberry sauce 
 12	oz	fresh  cranberries  or  lingonberries 
 ½	cup	 maple syrup  up to ⅔ cup 
 1	 orange 
 ½	tsp	 ground ginger 
 ½	tsp	ground  cardamom 
 1	dsh	 cinnamon 
 sour cream  (optional) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Carrot pancake 
 In a mixing bowl, combine the grated  carrots , grated  onion  and bread crumbs or  wheat germ . Toss to mix evenly. 
 Preheat the oven to 450 °F. 
 In a blender or by hand, combine the  eggs ,  milk ,  flour  and seasonings until smooth. You may need to scrape down the sides of the blender or bowl once or twice. 
 In a large mixing bowl, combine the  carrot  mixture and the contents of the blender. 
 Heat about a tablespoon of  oil  in a heavy 9" or 10" cast iron skillet, or similar heavy shallow baking dish that can go in the oven. 
 Heat the  oil  in the skillet. When quite hot but not smoking, pour in the pancake mixture; make sure the  carrots  are evenly distributed. 
 Place the skillet in the preheated oven. After 20 minutes, lower the oven temperature to 350 °F and continue to bake for another 10 – 15 minutes. The pancake should be light brown, puffy and crisp. 
 Serve immediately, topped with  cranberry sauce  and  sour cream , if desired. 
 Cranberry sauce 
 Wash and drain the  cranberries . Remove any soft or discolored  berries , and any stems or leaves. 
 Wash the  orange , and grate the  orange  rind only (avoid the  bitter  white pith) 
 squeeze the juice from the  orange . You are looking to obtain about ½ cup of juice and grated rind combined. 
 Mix all the ingredients in a medium saucepan and cook over medium heat for 10 – 15 minutes, stirring, until the  cranberries  have popped and the sauce is thick. May be made ahead. 
 Serve hot or cold. Commercial whole berry  cranberry sauce  or commercial  cranberry  /  orange  relish can be substituted, if you must.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/cc/1364241285.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004204']
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Carrot Side Dish Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Finnish Appetizers, Finnish Vegetarian, Pancake Recipes, Vegetarian appetizer Recipes, Vegetarian Side Dish Recipes, Add category