Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Buttermilk_Pie

06:20, May 8, 2012 (UTC) 74.192.173.124 
 
 Description : 
       Buttermilk Pie     
 A favorite in the American South, this pie has a filling of buttermilk, butter, eggs, flour and sugar, plus flavorings like lemon juice, vanilla and nutmeg. It is similar to but tangier than chess pie.
 
 Serves 8 
 Ingredients : 
 Cornmeal Crust : 
 1¼ cups  flour , plus more for dusting the work surface 
 ¼ cup  cornmeal 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 8 tablespoons (1 stick) cold sweet cream salted  butter 
 5 tablespoons  water 
 Filling : 
 5 tablespoons sweet cream salted  butter , at room temperature 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 2 large  eggs , separated 
 2½ tablespoons  flour 
 1 cup  buttermilk 
 ½ tablespoon freshly squeezed  lemon juice 
 ¾ teaspoon finely grated  lemon zest 
 ⅛ teaspoon ground  mace 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Cornmeal Crust : 
 Combine the dry ingredients and butter in a food processor or use a bowl and a pastry cutter; pulse or mix until the mixture resembles coarse bread crumbs. 
 Add the water a few tablespoons at a time, using just enough until a dough is formed. 
 Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Have ready a 9-inch pie pan and pie weights for blind baking the crust. 
 On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough to a ⅛-inch-thick circle and transfer to the pie pan, trimming edges to fit. 
 Allow to rest in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes (or freeze for later use). 
 Line the chilled pie shell with aluminum foil or parchment paper and weigh it down with pie weights or uncooked beans. 
 Bake for 20 minutes or until light golden brown. 
 Filling : 
 While the crust is baking, make the filling: in the large bowl of a stand mixer or hand mixer, combine the butter and ¾ cup sugar on medium speed for about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. 
 Add egg yolks one at a time, incorporating after each addition. 
 Reduce the speed and add the flour in increments, mixing well. 
 Slowly add the buttermilk, lemon juice, zest, mace, and salt, missing well. 
 The mixture will form curds, set aside. 
 In the bowl of a stand mixer or hand mixer, combine the egg whites and salt on medium speed. 
 Beat for a few minutes until frothy, then slowly add 3 tablespoons of sugar, increasing the speed to high and beating until stiff peaks form. 
 Gently fold the egg-white mixture into the buttermilk mixture and pour it into the pie crust. 
 Bake for 45 – 50 minutes, or until the surface is brown and barely jiggles. 
 Can be served with fresh berries or whipped cream. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d9/ButtermilkPie.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004159']
Categories: American Desserts, Pie Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Egg Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Add category