Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/World_Chocolate_Cheesecake

Description : 
 Before you begin, be sure all the ingredients are at room temperature. Combine the  cream cheese  or ricotta and  eggs  thoroughly before adding any liquid  extracts ,  heavy cream , or  sour cream . Lumps are impossible to remove once the liquid ingredients have been added. The paddle attachment of an electric mixer is ideal for mixing the batter. If you must use regular whipping beaters, set the mixer at low or medium-low speed.
 Fold in  whipped cream  and beaten  egg  whites with a wire whisk or a rubber spatula. Fold gently and slowly, being careful not to deflate the volume of the whipped ingredients.
 Cheesecake bases are usually made from cookie crumbs mixed with softened or melted  butter . Although most recipes call for graham cracker crumbs, almost any cookie will do.
 Cheesecake can be made 2 to 3 days in advance and kept covered with plastic wrap in the refrigerator. Also, the cake can be frozen for up to 3 weeks. Defrost before serving.
 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 2 cups  chocolate  wafer crumbs 
 5 tablespoons melted  butter 
 Filling : 
 3 packages (8 ounces each)  cream cheese , at room temperature 
 1 cup  granulated sugar 
 5 large  eggs 
 2 ounces (2 squares)  semisweet chocolate , melted 
 Frosting : 
 6 ounces (6 squares)  semisweet chocolate , melted 
 ½ cup  sour cream 
 Directions : 
 General instructions : 
 Grease the bottom and side of a 10-inch spring-form pan. Combine the crumbs with  butter  and  sugar  and press evenly into the bottom and up sides of the pan. 
 Use the paddle attachment of an electric mixer to beat the  cream cheese  smooth before adding any other ingredients. 
 To ensure that the batter has no lumps and no ingredients stuck to the bottom of the bowl, stop the mixer several times while making the batter and scrape down the paddle and sides of the bowl. 
 Pour the batter into the prepared pan and set the pan on a baking sheet. Bake as directed. Cover with aluminum foil partway through baking if the top browns too quickly. 
 The finished cheesecake will have a dull finish. The center should be soft, but it should not wobble. Run a knife around the sides of the cooled cake to loosen it from the pan. 
 Release the spring and remove the pan sides. Leave the cake on the pan bottom for serving. 
 Specific instructions : 
 To prepare crust, in a medium bowl, mix together  chocolate  crumbs and melted  butter  until well blended. Press into a 9-inch spring-form pan. 
 Preheat oven to 300°F. 
 To prepare filling, in a large bowl, beat together  cream cheese ,  sugar , and  eggs  at medium speed until smooth and fluffy. Spoon half of  cream cheese  mixture into crust. 
 Stir  chocolate  into remaining  cream cheese  mixture until well blended. Drizzle over batter in crust to make swirls. 
 Bake cheesecake for 50 minutes. Cool completely. 
 Transfer cheesecake to a serving plate, cover with plastic wrap, and chill for 2 hours. 
 Uncover cheesecake; carefully remove the side of pan. 
 To prepare frosting, in a small bow, mix together  chocolate  and  sour cream . Spread over cheesecake. Chill briefly until frosting is set. 
 Enjoy. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheesecake Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, World Recipes, Add category