Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mango_Bundt_Cake

Ingredients : 
 2 1/2 cups diced fresh mango, 450 g, plus more for garnish if desired 
 tbsp juice from half a lemon, approx 1 
 3 large eggs 
 3/4 cup vegetable oil, 149 g 
 1 tsp vanilla extract 
 1 cup granulated sugar, 198 g 
 2 cups all-purpose flour, 240 g 
 1 1/2 tsp baking soda 
 1 tsp ginger 
 1/2 tsp salt 
 1/2 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 56 g 
 3/4 cup slivered almonds, 80 g, optional 
 Glaze : 
 1 tbsp melted butter 
 pinch salt 
 1 tsp vanilla extract 
 3 cups powdered sugar, 340 g, confectioner's 
 2-3 tablespoons of milk, cream, or water 
 Instructions : 
 Preheat your oven to 325 F (165 C, gas 3), then butter and flour a bundt pan and set aside. 
 Cut the mangoes, mix with the lemon juice, and set aside. 
 Combine the eggs, oil, vanilla extract, and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer or in a mixing bowl. 
 Sift together the flour, baking soda, ginger, and salt. 
 Stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Then fold in the diced mango, nuts (if using), and coconut. 
 Pour the batter into the bundt pan and bake 45-50 minutes until a tester comes out clean and the cake lightly springs back when touched. 
 Remove from the oven and cover with a clean, slightly damp tea towel for 10 minutes. Remove the tea towel and carefully invert onto a cooling rack. 
 While the cake is cooling, and is nearly completely cool, make the glaze by combining the melted butter, salt, and 1 cup of the powdered sugar into a bowl. Work the powdered sugar in 1 cup at a time and then add milk, cream, or water 1 tbsp at a time until the glaze has reached the desired consistency. Drizzle or pour over the cake 
 
 
 
Categories: Mango Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Egg Recipes, Vegetable Oil Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Almond Recipes, Butter Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category