Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/California_Strawberry_Granita_with_Marinated_Berries

Description : 
 Yield: 24 servings
 
 Ingredients : 
 Granita : 
 1 pound, 12 ounces  sugar 
 4 cups  water 
 3  cinnamon  sticks 
 4 pounds, 12 ounces stemmed California  strawberries 
 ¼ cup  lemon juice 
 dash  salt 
 Cookie cups : 
 13 ounces  blanched almonds 
 ¾ cup plus 1 tablespoon  light corn syrup 
 6½ ounces  butter 
 6 ounces  sugar 
 1½ tablespoons  anisette 
 4¼ ounces  all-purpose flour 
 Marinated berries : 
 2 pounds, 12 ounces stemmed California  strawberries 
 8 ounces  blueberries ,  raspberries  or  blackberries 
 4 ounces  brown sugar 
 ⅔ cup  orange juice 
 ¼ cup  cointreau 
 sweetened  whipped cream  (optional) as needed 
 Directions : 
 Granita : 
 In saucepan combine  sugar ,  water  and  cinnamon  sticks. 
 Bring to boil, stirring; boil 1 minute. 
 Cool. 
 Puree  strawberries  in food processor or blender until smooth. 
 Strain out seeds in fine sieve. 
 In chilled hotel pan thoroughly mix  strawberry  puree,  lemon juice ,  salt  and enough of the cooled  sugar syrup  to balance  strawberry  flavor. 
 Place in freezer. 
 As mixture begins to freeze, chip the frozen portion with the tines of a fork every 30 to 45 minutes until no liquid remains. 
 Place in airtight container, cover and store in freezer up to 2 weeks. 
 Cookie cups : 
 In food processor grind  almonds  medium-fine. 
 Place in sieve; shake out dust. 
 In saucepan over low heat combine  corn syrup ,  butter  and  sugar . 
 Stir until  butter  and  sugar  is completely melted. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Mix in  anisette , and then  flour  to blend thoroughly. 
 Portion rounded tablespoonfuls of batter onto parchment-lined sheet pans, spacing apart, and flatten slightly (each cookie will be about 5 inches in diameter when baked). 
 Bake in 350°F oven about 6 to 8 minutes until evenly golden brown. 
 Cool slightly; lift with spatula and shape into pointed cups in 6-ounce martini glasses (if cookies cool too much to shape, return to oven for a minute or two to soften). 
 When cups are hard and cool, store in an airtight container up to three days. 
 Marinated berries : 
 Combine ingredients in bowl at least 15 minutes before serving. 
 For each serving to order:. 
 Place cookie cup in martini glass; fill with ½ cup granita and top with ⅓ cup marinated  berries . 
 Top with  whipped cream , if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Anisette Recipes, Blackberry Recipes, Blueberry Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Cointreau Recipes, Light corn syrup Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Add category