Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Food_additive

Food additive  is any natural or synthetic material other than the basic raw ingredients used in the production of a food item to enhance the final product. additive is also any substance that may affect the characteristics of any food, including those used in the production, processing, treatment, packaging, transportation or storage of food.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Additive usage 
 2   E-Number 
 3   Types of additive 
 4   Notes 
 5   Side effects 
 
 
 Additive usage : 
 Additives are not used to mask problems (such as spoiling) in the food, but often used to prevent spoilage or other loss of quality.
 
 E-Number : 
 E numbers are codes for food additives and are usually found on food labels throughout the European Union. The numbering scheme follows that of the International Numbering System (INS) as determined by the Codex Alimentarius committee. Only a subset of the INS additives are approved for use in the European Union, giving rise to the 'E' prefix.
 E numbers are also encountered on food labeling in other jurisdictions, including Australia, New Zealand and Israel.
 Not all examples of a class fall into the given numeric range. Moreover, many chemicals, particularly in the E400–499 range, have a variety of purposes.
 
 Types of additive : 
 
 
 E-Number
 
 Name
 
 
 100 – 199
 
 Food colors 
 
 
 200 – 299
 
 Preservatives 
 
 
 300 – 399
 
 Anti-oxidants  and  Acidity regulators 
 
 
 400 – 499
 
 Thickening agents ,  Stabilisers , and  Emulsifiers 
 
 
 500 – 599
 
 Ph regulators  and  Anti-caking agents 
 
 
 600 – 699
 
 Flavour enhancers 
 
 
 900 – 999
 
 Miscellaneous  [1] 
 
 
 1100 – 1599
 
 Additional chemicals  [2] 
 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   This includes: waxes, synthetic glazes, improving agents, packaging gases, sweeteners and foaming agents 
 
 ↑   New chemicals that do not fall into standard classification schemes 
 
 
 Side effects : 
 All food additives are tested for toxicity and safety, however, side effects can never be completely excluded.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Glossary, Add category