Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Piononos_de_Amarillo

Description : 
 Fried filled ripe  plantain  rolls
 
 Ingredients : 
 Outer shell : 
 3  plantains , ripe but not overripe 
 1 cup frying  oil 
 round toothpicks, as needed 
 Filling : 
 1  garlic  clove 
 1 tablespoonful diced pitted  olives ,  pepper  or  onion -stuffed 
 1 small  green bell peppers , chopped 
 1 tablespoonful chopped  onion 
 1 tablespoonful  olive oil 
 salt , to taste 
 1  bay leaf 
 1½ cups lean  ground meat 
 ½ cup  string beans , diced 
 1 tablespoonful  raisins 
 2  eggs , beaten 
 2 cups frying  oil 
 Directions : 
 Peel the  plantains , discard the outer rind. 
 Slice the  plantains  lengthwise. You should get four slices out of an average ripe  plantain . 
 Pour the frying  oil  in a medium saucepan and heat over medium heat. 
 Fry the  plantains , a few at a time, until they change color to a light golden tan. 
 Remove the  plantains . Allow to cool enough to handle comfortably or wear cooking gloves. 
 Bend each  plantain  piece to form a round shape. Use one or two round toothpicks to hold the ends of the round, hollow  plantains . 
 Add enough filling (see below for the recipe) to fill up the hollow inside each  plantain . 
 Baste the ends of the filling with beaten  eggs . Fry over medium heat, using just enough  oil  to cover the bottom of your frying pan. Fry for two to three minutes or until the  egg  basting at the bottom of the pan looks cooked (omelet-like). 
 Carefully lift each pionono, turn over, and fry on the other side. 
 Filling : 
 Sauté the first seven filling ingredients (up to but not including the meat) for about five minutes over medium high heat. 
 Stir the ground meat into the ingredients already in the saucepan. 
 Cook for about ten minutes, covered, over medium heat. 
 Add the  string beans  and the  raisins . 
 Continue to cook for another five minutes or until the meat is cooked but not dry. 
 You may want to remove the  bay leaf  at this time. 
 Use the filling as directed above. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Green olive Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Egg Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category