Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Kosuniak_Easter_Bread

Description : 
 Macedonian Easter bread
 
 Ingredients : 
 10 full cups  all purpose flour  (about 3½ lbs) 
 2 cups  milk 
 2 cups  sugar 
 rind of 1  lemon 
 ½ lb  butter  melted (reserve 4 tbsp.) 
 4 tsp  sugar 
 1½ cups warm  water 
 4 pkg.  dry yeast 
 6  eggs , well beaten 
 1 cup  flour  + 2 cups  flour  for kneading 
 1  egg  beaten, for topping 
 sesame seeds  for topping 
 Directions : 
 Heat oven to 200 °F and shut off. 
 Measure 10 cups  flour  in a large shallow pan; push to sides to leave a hole in centre. 
 In a small saucepan mix 2 cups  milk , 2 cups  sugar  and  lemon  rind. Warm to melt  sugar . 
 In a large bowl, prepare  yeast  by mixing 4 tsp  sugar  with 1½ cups warm  water , sprinkle  yeast  on top, cover and set aside. 
 Add  butter  to  milk  mixture, stir. 
 Beat  eggs  with electric mixer for 2 minutes, add to  milk  mixture and stir. 
 Begin to mix dough by pouring ½ of  milk  mixture into the centre of the  flour , bringing in  flour  from all sides by hand; continue adding remaining liquid. 
 Stir  yeast  and add to dough, mixing with hand as before. 
 Keep dough soft, use both hands and add about 1 cup  flour . 
 Knead slightly and turn out on heavily floured table. 
 Knead for about 10 minutes, then cut slashes with a knife in several places (this allows more air to get in dough) 
 Add about 2 cups more of  flour , kneading as you work. 
 Cut through twice more while kneading about 5 minutes longer. Total kneading time is about 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Use 4 tablespoons reserved  butter  when called for hereafter. 
 Lightly grease a warm roasting pan with  butter . 
 Lightly grease a clean table top and turn dough once so that all is lightly covered with  butter . 
 Place greased dough in pan;  butter  top with fingertips, so that no crust will form. 
 Cover with cloth and let rise 1 to 1½ hours in warmed oven. 
 Butter 4 loaf pans. 
 Turn dough onto buttered table and cut into 12 equal strips, 3 at a time, about 9 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. 
 Twirl slightly, braid and tuck ends under and place in loaf pans. 
 Pat evenly on top and touch with  butter . 
 Cover and let rise 1 hour until double in bulk in oven. 
 Remove from oven and heat oven to 300 °F. 
 Beat 1  egg  and brush loaves; sprinkle with  sesame seeds , bake for 1 hour. 
 Loaves should be light brown on bottom, and deep brown on top. 
 When making a double recipe divide into two parts after mixing together all ingredients and before kneading to make baking easier. 
 
 
 
Categories: Easter Breads, Macedonian Appetizers, Sesame seed Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category