Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Star_fruit


 Browse All Star fruit Recipes   
       Star fruit     
 Contents 
 
 1   Name Variations 
 2   About Star fruit 
 3   Selection 
 4   Storage 
 5   Preparation 
 6   Star fruit Recipes 
 7   Source 
 
 
 Name Variations : 
 starfruit 
 carambola 
 five-angled fruit 
 five corners 
 Chinese star fruit 
 tree melon 
 kamrakh 
 five finger fruit 
 About Star fruit : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Star fruit on Wikipedia 
 The carambola is a species of tree native to Sri Lanka and popular throughout Southeast Asia. It is also grown in Brazil, Ghana and Guyana. It is closely related to the bilimbi. It is a small, waxy, yellow fruit with an unusual shape
 The  star fruit  or carambola is a tropical fruit that is gaining popularity in the United States. This fruit acquired its name from the five pointed star shape when cut across the middle of the fruit. It has a waxy, golden yellow to green color skin with a complicated flavor combination that includes  plums ,  pineapples , and  lemons .
 Originally from Sri Lanka and the Moluccas, and cultivated in Southeast Asia and Malaysia for several hundred years, this fruit also goes by many other names including: bilimbi, belimbing, Chinese star fruit, five-angled fruit and the  star apple . Today, star fruit flourishes in south Florida and Hawaii because the fruit thrives on growing in a warm environment. Two types of star fruit are grown, tart and sweet. Tart varieties typically have narrowly spaced ribs, while sweet varieties tend to have thick, fleshy ribs. The tastes between the two are hardly distinguishable, as the tart variety still has some sweetness. This tropical fruit is readily available July through February.
 Star fruits are an excellent source of  vitamin C , is low fat, and naturally  sodium  and  cholesterol  free. A small whole star fruit will provide approximately ⅔ cup sliced.
 
 Selection : 
 Select firm, shiny skinned, even colored fruit. Star fruits will ripen at room temperature and have lightly brown edges on the ribs when it’s ripe. Avoid purchasing star fruit with brown, shriveled ribs. This delicious fruit is also available dried.
 
 Storage : 
 Non-ripe star fruit should be turned often, until they are yellow in color and ripe with light brown ribs. Store ripe star fruits at room temperature for two to three days or unwashed, and refrigerated, in a plastic bag for up to one week.
 
 Preparation : 
 Star fruits are great to eat out of hand as these tropical delights do not need to be peeled or seeded before eating. Simply wash the fruit, remove any blemished areas, cut crosswise to get the star shape, and eat!
 
 Star fruit Recipes : 
 Source : 
 Fruit of the Month: Star Fruit  by the US Centers for Disease Control & Prevention, public domain government resource—original source of article 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0c/Starfruit.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20080516004242']
Categories: Tropical fruit, Add category