Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Holiday_Ham

      Holiday Ham     
 Description : 
 This recipes does require quite a few weeks to prepare, if you cure your own ham!
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cured  ham  (10 - 12 pounds) 
 ¾ cup  brown sugar 
 1 tin  pineapple  slices 
 cloves 
 cherries 
 Ham curing : 
 1 ten pound leg of  pork 
 1 pound  salt 
 2 tablespoons of  brown sugar 
 1 teaspoon  saltpeter 
 pinch  mixed spice 
 pinch  nutmeg 
 1 quart boiled  water  (cooled) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Soak home-cured  ham  overnight in sufficient  water  to cover it to remove excess  salt . 
 Put in cold  water  in a large pot or pan and bring  water  to the boil. 
 Simmer for 2 hours. 
 Allow it to cool in the same  water . 
 Remove from  water  and take off skin. 
 You can also select store bought cured or smoked ham and soak it overnight in Pineapple juice instead of water and there is no need to boil the ham since it is already precooked. You can add to the Pineapple juice a little ginger as well as garlic. 
 Score to make diamond pattern by cutting through the fat with a sharp knife - not more than ¼" deep - in the lean. 
 Stick a  clove  in each diamond. 
 Blend the liquid from the  pineapple  slices with the  sugar  in a sauce pan (or use the pineapple juice mixture stated in #6). Natural brown sugar is better than the white granulated sugar. You can also use honey in place of sugar.  For extra kick you can add a little "hot" sauce to the mixture, but find a flavorful hot sauce. 
 Cook over a low flame, stirring occasionally until the mixture boils to form a glaze. 
 Pour this glaze over the  ham  but saving enough to keep basting the ham throughout cook time. 
 Garnish with  pineapple  slices and  cherries . This should be done half hour towards the end of cook time also pouring some of the mixture over it. 
 Put the  ham  in an oven and bake at 300 °F for 1 ½ hours, or until done, "basting" with the dripping from the pan. 
 Ham curing : 
 Add  sugar  and  saltpeter  to  salt  and mix thoroughly. 
 Divide  salt  mixture into two parts. 
 Mix on half in boiled  water . 
 Add pinch of spice and  nutmeg  to other half. 
 Divide remaining  salt  mixture into two parts. 
 Put away one part to be used after the fifth day and rub remaining half into  pork . 
 Rub thoroughly into skin and part into the fleshy part (use all of the  salt ). 
 Using injector, inject meat, with liquid, five times, two in the knuckle part and three into the fleshy part. 
 Wrap meat into two layers of greased paper and several layers of newspaper, and tie securely. 
 Tie well to secure the shape of the  ham . 
 After five days open and rub in remaining  salt . 
 Leave for five or six weeks to cure. 
 Smoke slightly. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a4/A168.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004331']
Categories: Easter ham Recipes, Ham Recipes, Jamaican Meat Dishes, Pineapple Recipes, Add category