Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fricas%C3%A9_de_Pollo_al_Ron_y_Vino


 
 Description : 
 Chicken  fricassee in  rum  and wine
 
 Ingredients : 
 chicken  pieces, at will, enough to serve four of your adults 
 2 medium-sized  potatoes , cut in one-inch chunks. Some people peel the  potatoes ; others keep the skin for its vitamin contents. I won't be the one to say which one is right for you! 
 2 medium-sized  carrots , in one-inch slices 
 olive oil  (preferably) or your favorite cooking  oil 
 Puerto Rican rum  (optional: you may substitute for  gin ,  vodka ,  scotch  or  bourbon  ... or omit altogether) 
 cooking  wine  (or substitute for any  pink  or  red drinking wine ) add a spoonful of  vinegar  if you opt not to use any wine. 
 grape juice  (which you may substitute for or blend with the wine used, if any) 
 ⅓ cup  raisins 
 *  onions 
 garlic , either fresh or bottled. Avoid using  garlic salt . 
 peppers , to your taste (hot, mild, red, green, other) 
 ⅔ cup of  tomato sauce  (or two tablespoonfuls of  tomato paste ) 
 a pinch of  salt 
 Directions : 
 Use entire  chicken  pieces or remove the skin, at your discretion. If you remove the skin, leave a small remnant to add some flavor during the next step and later remove, if necessary. 
 In a deep frypan, heat a small amount (about two tablespoonfuls, or barely enough to lightly coat the bottom of the frypan) of  olive oil  at medium high heat, until very hot. 
 Carefully add the  chicken  pieces. 
 Sauté quickly on each of the  chicken  piece surfaces, no more than a few seconds for each surface. The idea is to seal the meat, not to cook it. 
 If you are using  rum  or any substitute, carefully pour it on the  chicken  pieces and set fire to the  liquor . A match applied to any of the  liquor  will normally do the trick. Be quite careful not to get yourself burned, especially if you've been tasting the wine and  liquor  beforehand. Keep a lid nearby in case you need to cover the frypan if the fire gets out of hand. Let the  liquor  fire extinguish itself. 
 Remove the  chicken  pieces and set aside. 
 In the same deep frypan, sauté the  onions ,  peppers  and  garlic . 
 Add slightly more  olive oil , if necessary. 
 When the  onions  are turning golden, add the and the  tomato  sauce or paste. 
 Stir. 
 Add the  chicken  pieces, sprinkle the  salt  and add the  grape juice  and/or the wine (some people actually substitute  water  for the  grape juice  and the wine. We do not particularly recommend that unusual practice) 
 Let the liquid come to a boil and lower the heat to medium. 
 Cover and cook for ten to fifteen minutes, depending on the number of  chicken  pieces in the pot. 
 Add the  potatoes  and  carrots , and the  raisins . 
 If you are using canned  carrots , wait to add them two minutes before serving. 
 Allow to cook until  potatoes  and  carrots  are as soft as you normally enjoy them. 
 If the sauce is too watery, use about one-third cup of the liquid and stir in a tablespoonful of  cornstarch . 
 Blend thoroughly and then add it to the pot. 
 Stir. 
 Let cook another minute. 
 
 
 
Categories: Blush wine Recipes, Bourbon Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Grape juice Recipes, Olive Recipes, Potato Recipes, Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category