Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Tofu_Cake


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 Light  vegetable oil spray 
 8	oz	 firm tofu 
 1/4	cup	skim  milk   ricotta cheese 
 4	oz	Light  cream cheese 
 1/4	cup	 maple syrup 
 3	tbl	 cocoa powder  unsweetened 
 2	lrg	 egg whites 
 1	tbl	Ground  cinnamon 
 3	tbl	Bailey's Irish  cream  (light) 
 1	tbl	 coffee  liqueur 
 TOPPING:
 
 1/2	cup	Nonfat  sour cream  or nf plain  yogurt 
 1	tsp	 vanilla extract 
 1	tbl	Honey 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. 
 Coat a 10-inch glass pie plate with 3 sprays of the  vegetable oil . 
 In the bowl of a food processor, combine the  tofu ,  ricotta cheese ,  cream cheese ,  maple syrup ,  cocoa powder ,  egg whites ,  cinnamon , and the liqueurs. 
 Puree until smooth and pour into the prepared pie plate. 
 Place the pie plate on the center rack of the oven. On the bottom rack, place a baking pan filled halfway with  water . Bake for 1 hour. 
 While the cake is baking, combine all the topping ingredients in a small bowl and whisk thoroughly. 
 When the cake has cooked for an hour, remove it from the oven, spread the topping on evenly, decorate if you wish, and return it to the oven. 
 Bake for about 10 minutes more, until the topping sets. 
 Refrigerate for 2 hours before serving. Decorate with the  chocolate  Sauce 
 Making a  chocolate  Sauce Design: Put a mixture of 2 tablespoons pure  maple syrup  and 2 tablespoons  unsweetened cocoa powder  into a squeeze bottle or an improvised pastry bag, which can be made by forcing the sauce into a bottom corner of a sturdy plastic storage bag and pricking a small hole through which it can flow. Squeeze a series of straight lines across the cake, then rake the tines of a fork across the top in the opposite direction to create a pattern. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Taiwanese Desserts, Sour cream Recipes, Add category