Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Flan_de_calabaza


 
 Description : 
 Pumpkin  custard.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the caramel
 
 1/2 cup  Sugar 
 For the Flan
 
 one 3-lb  calabaza  ( West Indian pumpkin ) 
 4  eggs 
 1 can (12 oz)  evaporated milk  (like  carnation ) 
 1 can (14 oz)  sweetened condensed milk  (like Nestle) 
 1 teaspoonful  vanilla extract 
 a pinch of ground  cinnamon 
 Directions : 
 Peel a ripe but not overripe  calabaza 
 Remove the seeds and the inner fibers 
 Cut in one to two inch chunks 
 Boil the  pumpkin  in just enough  water  to cover the pieces until tender (about 15 minutes). 
 While the  pumpkin  is boiling, prepare the caramel. Heat the  Sugar  over medium to medium high heat until it turns to a golden brown caramel. 
 Pour (careful, scalding hot!) into the upper half of the Ba–o Maria so that it covers the whole bottom and about one inch or so of the sides of the Baño Maria pot. 
 Remove the  pumpkin  from the heat and drain. Puree by hand or in a blender. 
 Beat the  eggs  lightly. 
 Add the remaining ingredients in the order listed, stirring lightly after each addition. 
 Mix thoroughly after all ingredients have been added. 
 Pour the mixture into the Baño Maria upper portion slowly so as not to disrupt the caramel layer. 
 Fill the lower portion with  water  and heat to boiling. 
 Lower heat to medium, fit the upper portion in place and cover. 
 Cook for about thirty minutes. 
 Test for consistency by inserting a table knife through the middle of the Flan. 
 When it comes out clean, the Flan is cooked. 
 Insert the table knife along the side of the Flan and go all the way around the pot to loosen the edges. 
 Allow to cool at room temperature for about an hour. 
 Cover with a platter and turn upside down until it drops in the platter. 
 If necessary, tap lightly on the bottom of the pan until you feel the weight of the Flan on the bottom platter. 
 Lasts two-three days well covered in the refrigerator. 
 
 
 
Categories: Calabaza Recipes, Dessert flan Recipes, Puerto Rican Desserts, Recipes that need photos, Add category