Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sancocho_Soup


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 to 1½ pounds of soup meat 
 1 medium soup  chicken . (cut up into serving pieces) 
 1 pound of cooking  ham  or  ham   steak . (diced into one inch square pieces) 
 1 to two pounds of  pork spare ribs . (separated and cut in half) 
 2 packages of  chorizo  (They usually come two in a package, unless your butcher carries them fresh in that case get four of them) 
 1 pound of  yautia , peeled rinsed and cut into quarters 
 6 green  plantains  peeled and cut into thirds 
 1  malanga  about two pounds peeled and cut into two-inch pieces 
 1 pound of yuca peeled and cut into quarters 
 four or five green  bananas  peeled and cut in half 
 1 cup of  sofrito 
 6 tablespoons of  oregano 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1 can of  tomato sauce 
 4 tablespoons of  tomato paste 
 6 quarts of cold  water 
 4tablespoons of  olive oil 
 2 tablespoons of  white vinegar 
 1 medium jar of  Spanish olives 
 Directions : 
 Pour the four tablespoons of  olive oil  into a large pot, (remember all the ingredients so please make sure it's large) and bring up to heat when it starts to smoke add the  ham  and chorizo stir. 
 You want it to get a golden brown in color. 
 Once that's done add the cup of sofrito and keep stirring. 
 When you see that it is beginning to bubble, stir in the  tomato  paste. 
 This would be a good time to check the heat because you don't want this mixture to burn, so if you feel that it should lowered do it now. 
 Once the  tomato  paste has blended into the mixture stir in the  tomato  sauce and allow it to blend into the mixture. 
 This a good time to add the seasonings  oregano ,  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Allow for the  oregano  to work its magic and when your kitchen starts giving off aromas like it never did before turn up the heat and add three quarts of  water . 
 Add soup meat,  chicken  and ribs bring to a boil for about fifteen minutes and then lower the heat down to a simmer. 
 When the  chicken  is just about fork tender remove from pot and set aside. 
 Do the same with the soup meat and the ribs. 
 Return enough soup meat to the pot so that when shredded it will make about one half cup. 
 Allow the soup meat to cook until it is soft enough to shred and then remove and set aside. 
 In a small frying pan add two tablespoons of  olive oil  and bring up to heat. 
 Add two tablespoons of sofrito and about six or seven chopped up add the shredded soup meat and blend together. 
 Add  salt  and  pepper  to taste, remove from heat and set aside. 
 At this time you can add the vegetables to the pot with the broth. 
 Add all but four  plantains  and allow to simmer slowly on low heat. 
 This would be a good time to check to see if you have enough liquid if not add more  water . 
 Take the four  plantains  you have left and grate them. 
 It is important that you use a grater for this part of the recipe, because using a blender will not cut it. 
 Once you have grated the  plantains  scoop up a large table spoon of the mixture and place it in the palm of your clean hands. 
 Form a small pocket and add a teaspoon or a little more of the shredded soup meat mixture in the center of the pocket, and then form it into the shape of a ball. 
 Making sure that your pot is at a low boil, add the balls to the pot being careful that they do not break apart. 
 Once the vegetables are almost fork tender return the meat that was set aside and continue cooking. 
 Allow to cook until you have a rich thick broth, at this time you can adjust the seasonings to your taste. 
 Enjoy and please let me know what you thought of this dish. 
 
 
 
Categories: Banana Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Ham Recipes, Malanga Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Pork spare rib Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category