Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Belgian_Meatballs_Braised_in_Beer


 
 Description : 
 Famous Belgian Meatballs dish braised in fine  beer  ! This recipe requires average cooking skills and the end result will be something not to forget...in a positive way of course ! Enjoy !
 
 Ingredients : 
 Meatballs : 
 1 cup fresh white  bread crumbs 
 ¼ cup  milk , or more 
 1 lb  ground beef , lean 
 ½ lb  ground pork  or  veal 
 1 large  egg 
 1 tbsp  shallots , minced 
 1 tbsp  parsley , fresh, fine minced 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1 pinch  nutmeg , grated 
 2 tbsp  flour 
 2 tbsp  unsalted butter 
 1 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 Sauce : 
 1 medium  onion , thinly sliced 
 3  Belgian endive , cored/cut in ¼-inch rounds 
 1 tsp  sugar 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1½ tbsp  flour , up to 2 tb 
 1 cup blond  pilsner -style  beer 
 ½ cup  beef broth , or  chicken 
 2 tbsp  parsley , fresh, garnish 
 Directions : 
 Meatballs : 
 Soak bread crumbs in  milk  until thoroughly moistened; squeeze dry with hands. 
 Combine bread crumbs, ground meats,  eggs , shallots,  parsley ,  salt ,  pepper  and  nutmeg  in medium bowl. 
 Form mixture into 6 to 8 balls or patties (2 inches in diameter and ½-inch thick); dust with 2 tablespoons  flour . 
 Heat  butter  and  oil  in deep, heavy Dutch oven, until hot but not smoking, over high heat. 
 Add meatballs; cook until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes, making sure  butter  does not burn. 
 Remove meat balls to platter; keep warm. 
 Sauce : 
 Discard all but 2 tablespoons of fat in pan. 
 Add  onion  and endives. 
 Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, for about 10 minutes. 
 Add  sugar ,  salt ,  pepper  and 2 tablespoons  flour  to vegetables; cook, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes longer. 
 Add  beer  and broth; heat to quick boil, scraping up all brown bits from bottom of pan. 
 Reduce heat to simmer; return meatballs to pan, placing them on top of vegetables. 
 Simmer, partly covered, until meat is cooked through, 45 minutes. 
 Sprinkle with  parsley  and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Belgian Meat Dishes, Belgian endive Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Meatball Recipes, Recipes using beer, Add category