Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Breasts_in_Yogurt_Turmeric_Sauce_with_Green_Peas

Description : 
 With fresh  green peas , my preference,  chicken breasts  slathered in a sauce made bright yellow with  turmeric  is a dish for late spring to early summer. with frozen  green peas , it's a dish for fall when the  fresh peas  have come and gone and the chickens have grown a bit plumper in the breast. Marinating the breasts before cooking adds to the velvety texture because  yogurt , as middle eastern cooks know, is a natural tenderizer.
 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Excerpt from  The Pressure Cooker Gourmet  by Victoria Wise. ©2003, with permission from Harvard Common Press, 535 Albany Street, Boston, MA 02118 www.harvardcommonpress.com 
 This Recipe is from the April 2003 Chef of the Month Interview with Victoria Wise. 
 Prep time: 15 Minutes 
 4 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup plain  yogurt 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 1 teaspoon  yellow mustard seeds 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ½ teaspoon freshly ground  white pepper 
 4 boneless, skinless  chicken breast  halves 
 1 tablespoon  butter 
 1 large  russet potato , cut into ¼-inch-thick rounds 
 1 cup shelled  fresh peas  or frozen  peas 
 ½ cup chopped fresh  cilantro 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Mix together the  yogurt ,  turmeric ,  cumin   mustard seeds ,  salt , and pepper in a dish large enough to hold the breasts in 1 layer. 
 Add the breasts and turn to coat. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 4 hours. 
 Melt the  butter  in the pressure cooker over medium heat. 
 Layer with the potatoes across the bottom, then add the  chicken  and  yogurt  mixture. 
 Without stirring, lock on the lid and bring to pressure over high heat, 2 to 3minutes. 
 Remove from the heat and let sit for 3 minutes to finish cooking. 
 With the steam vent pointed away from your face, gently release any remaining pressure. 
 Transfer the breasts and  potatoes  to a serving platter and set aside in a warm place. 
 Cook the sauce over high heat until reduced and slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Stir in the  peas  and  cilantro . 
 Spoon over the  chicken  and serve right away. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Pea Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Yellow mustard seed Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category