Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dolmades_Yalatzi_me_Kima

Description : 
       Dolmades Yalatzi me Kima     
 Stuffed vine leaves with rice and meat. Dolmades is an appetizer delicacy wrapped in vine leaves (this recipe was transcribed by somebody observing their old Grandma do it the traditional way)
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb  ground beef 
 1 large  onion , chopped 
 ½ cup  white rice 
 1  egg 
 ½ cup dry  mint 
 1 tbsp  butter , softened 
 ½ bunch fresh  parsley 
 dill , if convenient 
 3 – 4 tbsp  lemon juice 
 salt 
 pepper 
 water , if needed 
 20 to 40  grape leaves 
 Avgolemono sauce (egg-lemon dressing) : 
 1  egg 
 3 – 4 tbsp  lemon juice 
 corn starch 
 Directions : 
 Knead all ingredients in a bowl. 
 If the consistency is too hard, add  water , one tablespoon at a time (up to 4 tbsp). 
 Grape leaves  are best picked from grape vines in the spring, while they are still tender. 
 They can be washed and frozen between layers of waxed paper and will keep for a year. 
 They are also available in jars from some fruit markets (especially ones that carry a lot of Greek/Italian imported foods). 
 Depending on the size, you will need 20 to 40  grape leaves  (fila - pronounced fee'-lah). Small leaves tend to be more tender. 
 Boil  grape  leaves until they are soft, but not tender. 
 The time will depend on the leaves. 
 Fresh ones will only take a minute. 
 Fold  grape leaves  around small spoonfuls of meat mixture, sealing completely. 
 In a large pot (preferably one with a large surface area on the bottom), melt ½ stick (4 tbsp )  butter . 
 Arrange rolled dolmades on top. 
 Do this all at once, not as you roll them. 
 Pour 3 – 4 cups  water  or broth over dolmades, cover, and simmer for 2 hours. 
 Avgolemono sauce : 
 Separate  egg . 
 Whisk  egg  white mixed with 1 tsp  water ; add  yolk  and mix. 
 Add  corn starch  (she gave no measurement) to  lemon juice  and stir; add to  egg  mixture. 
 Skim broth off dolmades (it is now a  chicken / beef broth  and should be greatly reduced because of the  rice ) and add 1 tbsp at a time to the  egg  mixture, whisking well. 
 egg  mixture should thicken. 
 Assembly : 
 Remove dolmades from heat. 
 Arrange dolmades in a bowl for serving. 
 Mix remaining broth into egg- lemon  mixture. 
 Stir well and pour over dolmades. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/53/Article169.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004851']
Categories: Greek Meat Dishes, Ground beef Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Mint Recipes, Dill Recipes, Egg Recipes, Grape leaf Recipes, Rice Recipes, Add category