Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Runebergin_Tortut

Description : 
       Runebergin tortut     
 Runeberg's muffins
 
 For four - five persons 
 Ingredients : 
 200 g  margarine  or  butter 
 2 dl  sugar 
 2  eggs 
 2 dl  wheat flour 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 1 tsp ground  cardamom 
 2 dl sweet bread  crumbs  (e.g. crumbled biscuits) 
 2 dl  ground almonds  (approx. 80 g) 
 1 dl  single cream 
 solid  raspberry jam 
 To moisten : 
 2 dl  water 
 1 dl  sugar 
 2 – 3 tbsp  arrack liqueur  or  rum 
 Topping : 
 solid  raspberry jam  or  marmalade 
 Icing : 
 1 dl  icing sugar 
 2 tsp  water  or  lemon juice 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 200°C. 
 Grind the  almonds  and combine them with the bread crumbs. 
 cream  the  butter  or  margarine  and  sugar  together. 
 Add one  egg  at a time, beating the mixture well after each  egg . 
 Combine the  flour  and  baking powder  and stir into the mixture. 
 Add the cardamom, bread crumbs and  almonds  and finally the  cream . 
 Mix lightly but do not unnecessarily stir the mixture. 
 Grease a muffin mould and put a equal amount of the mixture into the hollows. 
 Leave room for the mixture to raise in the hollows. 
 Using a floured fingertip, press a hole in the middle of each muffin. 
 Place about half a teaspoonful of jam or marmelade on each muffin. 
 Bake in the middle of the oven for about 15 minutes. 
 Boil the  water  and melt the  sugar  in it. 
 Flavour with the alcohol. 
 Moisten the baked muffins with the liquid. 
 When the muffins are still hot, add another half a teaspoonful of jam in the middle. 
 Let the muffins cool. 
 Combine the  icing sugar  and  water  or  lemon juice  in a small bowl. 
 Pour the liquid icing around the jam. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0c/Recip23.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004127']
Categories: Finnish Desserts, Pastry Recipes, Almond Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Arak Recipes, Rum Recipes, Raspberry preserves and jam Recipes, Egg Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Crumb Recipes, Add category