Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Soup_with_Potato_Patties

Description : 
       Chicken Soup with Potato Patties     
 This aromatic Indonesian soup is traditionally served with an array of garnishes - blanched  bean sprouts , wedges of hard-cooked  egg , noodles, sprigs of  Chinese celery  and crisp fried  shallot  flakes are some of the customary additions. Prepare as many of the garnishes as you like.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Chicken stock : 
 1  chicken , 2½ lbs (1.25 kg), cut up 
 3 leafy  celery tops 
 1  yellow onion , quartered 
 2  cinnamon  sticks 
 2  cardamom  pods 
 Spice paste : 
 3  lemongrass  stalks, tender heart section only, coarsely chopped 
 4 fresh or 2 dried  galangal  slices, about 1 inch (2.5 cm) in diameter; soak dried slices in  water  for 30 minutes, then drain and chop 
 1  yellow onion , coarsely chopped 
 4 cloves  garlic 
 6  candlenuts  or  blanched almonds 
 1 piece  fresh ginger , 1½ inches (4 cm) long, peeled and coarsely chopped 
 2 tablespoons  ground coriander 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  pepper 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 about 3 tablespoons  water 
 2 tablespoons  peanut  or  corn oil 
 Potato patties : 
 1 lb (500 g) baking  potatoes , peeled and boiled until tender 
 1  green (spring) onion , finely chopped 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 1  egg , lightly beaten 
 vegetable oil  for frying 
 Directions : 
 Chicken stock : 
 Place the  chicken  in a large stockpot and add  water  to cover. 
 Bring to a boil over high heat, skimming off any scum. 
 Add the  celery tops ,  onion ,  cinnamon  and  cardamom . 
 Reduce the heat to low, cover partially and simmer until the  chicken  is opaque throughout, about 40 minutes. 
 Transfer the breasts to a plate and let cool. 
 Continue simmering the stock for 20 minutes longer to concentrate the flavor. 
 Let the stock cool, then strain through a sieve into a bowl. 
 Let stand until the fat rises to the surface. 
 Using a large spoon, skim off the fat and discard. 
 You should have about 8 cups (64 fl oz / 2 l). 
 Skin and bone the  chicken  breasts and hand shred the meat with the  grain ; set aside. 
 Reserve the remaining  chicken  pieces for another use. 
 Spice paste : 
 In a blender, combine the  lemongrass ,  galangal ,  onion ,  garlic ,  candlenuts  or  almonds ,  ginger , coriander,  pepper ,  turmeric ,  sugar  and  salt . 
 Add  water  as needed to facilitate blending and blend to a smooth paste. 
 In a large saucepan over medium heat, warm the  oil . 
 Stir in the spice paste and cook, stirring frequently, until well combined and fragrant, about 5 minutes. 
 Add the strained  chicken stock  and simmer for 15 minutes to infuse the stock fully with the paste. 
 Taste and adjust the seasonings, if necessary. 
 Keep warm. 
 Potato patties : 
 Combine all the ingredients, except the  oil , in a bowl. 
 Using a  potato  masher or fork, mash the  potatoes  thoroughly, mixing well. 
 Form into twelve 1-inch (2.5 cm) balls and flatten each into a patty 1½ inches (4 cm) in diameter. 
 In a deep frying pan, pour in  oil  to a depth of 1 inch (2.5 cm) and heat to 375°F (190°C) on a deep-frying thermometer. 
 Add the patties, a few at a time, and fry until golden brown on the underside, about 3 minutes. 
 Turn over and continue to fry until golden brown on the second side, about 1 minute longer. 
 Transfer to paper towels to drain. 
 Keep warm while you fry the remaining patties. 
 To serve, bring the stock to a simmer. 
 Distribute the shredded  chicken  evenly among 6 warmed soup bowls and ladle the hot stock on top. 
 Garnish each bowl with 2  potato  patties and any of the traditional garnishes (see note above). 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/2a/Chicken_Soup_with_Potato_Patties.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004700']
Categories: Indonesian Soups, Chicken soup Recipes, Galangal Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Potato Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Chinese celery Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Candlenut Recipes, Egg Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Add category