Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pierogi_Pizza

ingredients
 
 1 envelope active dry yeast
 
 1 ⅓ C warm water (110°)
 
 3 ¾ C flour plus ½ C extra for kneading
 
 1 ½ tsp salt
 
 2 C mashed potatoes (see Amazing Mashed potato recipe)
 
 1 medium onion
 
 1 clove garlic
 
 ½ C olive oil
 
 4 Cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese
 
 1 C shredded mozzarella cheese (low moisture)
 
 ½ C grated parmesan cheese
 
 2 tsp salt
 
 1 tsp pepper
 
 
 instructions
 
 In a small bowl, sprinkle the yeast over the 110° water and mix in with fingers.
 
 Let sit until yeast becomes cloudy and creamy.
 
 In a large bowl combine 3 ¾ C flour and 1 ½ tsp salt, add the yeast and water mixture and mix with hook attached to mixer or by hand until form a ball.
 
 Turn onto a floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, adding flour a little at a time.
 
 Place dough in a large bowl with 2 tbsp oil to coat dough and then cover and place in warm area until dough has doubled (about 2 hours).
 
 In a large sauté pan, combine remaining oil with diced onion and cook over medium heat until onions are translucent.
 
 Mince clove of garlic and add to onion mixture.
 
 Once dough has risen, transfer to a lightly-oiled pizza pan and press dough with fingers to cover pan.
 
 Poke dough with fork about 50 times to allow heat to escape to prevent dough from bubbling.
 
 Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise again at room temperature for about 30 minutes.
 
 Top pizza crust with onion and oil mix.
 
 Spread potatoes over onion mixture evenly reaching edge of crust.
 
 Combine all three cheeses in a mixing bowl and top potato mixture.
 
 Place pizza in a 450° preheated oven and allow to bake for 15-20 minutes until crust is browned and cheese is bubbly.
 
 Remove from oven and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
 
 Enjoy.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Pierogi Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Water Recipes, Flour Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Pepper Recipes, Mashed potato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic cloves Recipes, Olive oil Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Add category