Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cajun_BBQ_Prawns

Description : 
 This simplified Cajun prawn dish is made and packed with real fruit juice, herbs, and spices, and enriched with honey to help maintain its red-hot, cooking consistency. Barbecue sauce occasionally works for this, too.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the seafood base : 
 3 tablespoons chopped  garlic 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 2 tablespoons seasoning mix (recipe follows) 
 2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 2 tablespoons  honey 
 2 tablespoons  soy sauce 
 2 tablespoons chopped  parsley 
 1 ¼ lb. peeled and deveined, 21 – 25-count  prawns 
 ¾ cup  unsalted butter 
 Seasoning mix : 
 ¼ cup  cayenne 
 ¼ cup ground  black pepper 
 2 tablespoons  salt 
 2 tablespoons  crushed red pepper  flakes 
 2 tablespoons dried whole  thyme 
 2 tablespoons dried  rosemary  leaves 
 1 teaspoon dry  oregano 
 Directions : 
 Prepare and make all the seasoning-mix ingredients in a food processor and set aside. Stored in a sealed container, it will keep indefinitely for future use. 
 Blend the  garlic ,  olive oil , 2 tbsp. seasoning mix,  lemon juice , honey, and soy sauce in a bowl. 
 Add the prawns and the chopped  parsley  to the mixture and toss well to coat. Refrigerate overnight. 
 Preheat an oven to 500° F. Place the prawns with the marinade in a large, heavy skillet (large enough to fit prawns in a single layer or cook in batches) and place in an oven. 
 In about 2 to 3 minutes, shake the pan to ensure even cooking and repeat in another 2 to 3 minutes. At this point, the mixture should be bubbling and the prawns will be turning opaque. 
 Transfer the pan to a stove, over medium heat and begin adding the  butter  in 1 to 2 tbsp. increments, shaking the pan the entire time, allowing the  butter  to emulsify into the mixture before adding any more  butter . This process should take about 4 to 5 minutes. 
 When completed, then pour onto a platter and serve immediately with plenty of good, crispy bread, as well as with rice. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cajun Appetizers, Barbecue Recipes, Prawn Recipes, Honey Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Cajun Recipes, American Recipes, American Appetizers, North American Appetizers, North American Recipes, Seafood Recipes, Appetizer Recipes, World Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Main Dish Seafood Recipes, Spice Recipes, Herb Recipes, Herb and spice mix Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Soy Sauce Recipes, Fruit juice Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Olive oil Recipes, Condiment Recipes, Add category