Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Apple_Baklava

Apple  Baklava
 6  Golden Delicious apple 
6  Granny Smith apples 
2 tb  unsalted butter 
6 tb  sugar 
1/2 ts  cinnamon 
Nut Mixture:
2 1/ 2 c  walnuts , chopped
1/2 c  sugar 
1/2 ts Grated  lemon peel 
1/2 ts  cinnamon 
24 Sheets  phyllo dough 
1/2 c  unsalted butter , melted
2 tb Plain dry  bread  crumbs
2 tb  Honey 
 Apples  give a distinctive twist to this traditional Greek dessert. Sauteing
 
 them first to let the  water  evaporate ensures a crisp crust. Prep time: 1
 
 hour plus cooling Baking time: 35 to 40 minutes  Apple  Layer: Peel and slice
 
 Apples . Melt  butter  in Dutch oven over high heat. Add  Apples ,  sugar  and
 cinnamon ; cook, stirring occasionally, until  Apples  are tender and juices
are evaporated, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool. Nut Mixture: Combine all
ingredients in small bowl. Preheat oven to 400^F. Trim  phyllo  sheets to
13x9-inch rectangles; cover with plastic wrap. Brush 13x9-inch metal baking
pan with  butter . Place 1  phyllo  sheet in pan and brush with some of the
melted  butter 
 
 (keep remaining  phyllo  covered).
Layer 5 more  phyllo  sheets on top, brushing each with  butter . Spread 2 cups
nut mixture on top and repeat layering with 6 more  phyllo  sheets and
 
 butter .
Spread  Apple  mixture on top; repeat layering with 6 more  phyllo  sheets and
 butter . Sprinkle remaining nut mixture on top; sprinkle with  bread  crumbs
and layer with the 6 remaining  phyllo  sheets and  butter . With sharp knife,
cut lengthwise through pastry and filling into 1 1/2 inch-wide strips, then
cut diagonally at 2-inch intervals to make diamonds. Bake 35 to 40 minutes
or until golden. Drizzle  Honey  on top and bake 5 minutes more. Cool in pan
on wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature with whipped or  Ice cream .
 
 Makes 12 serving
 Delma
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Bread Recipes, Golden Delicious apple Recipes, Granny Smith apple Recipes, Honey Recipes, Ice cream Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Walnut Recipes, World Recipes, Add category