Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Shahi_Tukhra


 
 Description : 
 Bread roundels served on a bed of saffron-flavoured rabri, the Indian version of bread pudding. Serves: Four.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the rabarhi (rabri): 
 
 350 ml  milk 
 1/2 tsp  cardamom  powder 
 1 drop  kewra essence 
 The bread: 
 
 4 (1.4 cm thick)  milk  bread slices 
 ghee  to deep fry the bread 
 350 ml  milk 
 A few strands  saffron 
 The syrup: 
 
 135 gm  Sugar 
 1 drop  kewra essence 
 -- To garnish: 
 4  almonds , blanched and sliced 
 4 pistachios, blanched and sliced 
 A few strands  saffron , soaked in 1 tsp lukewarm  milk 
 2 sheets silver varakh 
 Directions : 
 To prepare the rabarhi: Put  milk  in a pan, bring to a boil, lower the heat and then keep, stirring constantly, until  milk  is reduced to 125 ml and acquires a granular consistency. Remove and pass through a fine mesh soup strainer into a bowl, add  cardamom  powder and  kewra essence . Mix well and refrigerate. 
 To prepare the bread: Remove the crust and cut into roundels. Heat  ghee  in a kadai and deep-fry the roundels over medium heat until golden brown and crisp. Drain and keep aside. Break the  saffron  strands with pestle or back of a spoon. Put  milk  in a large, flat, thick-bottomed pan. Add  saffron  and bring to a boil. Remove and keep aside. 
 To prepare the syrup: Boil  Sugar  with 70 ml  water  to make syrup of one-string consistency, removing scum at regular intervals. Stir in the  kewra essence . Keep warm. 
 To prepare the tukhra: Soak the fried bread in boiled  milk , placing the roundels 2.5 cm apart. Put the pan on heat and simmer until  milk  is almost absorbed, turning once, very carefully, with a spatula, ensuring the bread does not break. Pour the warm syrup over and cook over low heat for two to three minutes until bread absorbs the syrup. 
 To assemble: Make a bed of thin  saffron  rabarhi (the method is similar to the thickened rabarhi made for the tukhra, only it is thinner and has  saffron ) on individual plates. Carefully remove and arrange tukhra over it, spread equal quantities of rabarhi on top, garnish with  nuts , sprinkle  saffron  and cover with silver varakh. Serve warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Kewra essence Recipes, Omani Desserts, Omani Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Screw pine leaf Recipes, Add category