Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Superbowl_Texas-style_Chili

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn b aka Mom2sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Better Homes And Gardens 
 Prep: 20 Minutes | Cook: 1 Hour 15 Minutes 
 Makes 6 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 20 small  dried hot chili peppers   or  2 tablespoons  crushed red pepper 
 2 dried  Ancho peppers   or  2 tablespoons  chili powder 
 ¾ pound  beef   round steak , cut into ½-inch cubes 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 ¾ pound boneless  pork , cut into ½-inch cubes 
 1 cup chopped  onion 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon ground  cumin 
 ½ teaspoon  paprika 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 1 x 14½-ounce can  beef broth 
 1 x 12-ounce can  beer 
 3 cups hot cooked  pinto beans  and/or hot cooked  rice 
 sliced  jalapeno peppers  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Crush hot  chile peppers , if using. 
 Remove stems and seeds from  Ancho peppers , if using. Cut into 1-inch pieces. 
 Put  hot peppers  and  Ancho peppers  into a blender container or food processor bowl. Cover and blend or process until ground. Let  pepper  dust settle before opening blender or food processor. (if Using  crushed red pepper  and  chili powder , stir them together.) Set aside. 
 In a large saucepan or dutch oven cook half of the meat in hot  oil  until brown. 
 Remove meat and set aside. 
 Add remaining meat,  onion ,  garlic ,  cumin ,  paprika , ground  black pepper , and ground  chili pepper  mixture (or the  crushed red pepper  and  chili powder  mixture, if using). 
 Cook until meat is brown. 
 Return all meat to saucepan. Stir in  beef broth  and  beer . 
 Bring to boiling. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 45 minutes. 
 Uncover and simmer about 30 minutes more or until meat is tender and sauce is desired consistency, stirring occasionally. 
 Serve with hot cooked  pinto beans  or  rice . 
 Garnish with sliced  jalapeno peppers , if desired. 
 Notes : 
 Make-ahead tip: Prepare  chili ; Cool slightly. Transfer to 1- to 4-serving size freezer containers. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. To reheat, transfer frozen  chili  to saucepan. Cook over medium heat until heated through, stirring occasionally to break apart.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Dried chile pepper Recipes, Ancho chile Recipes, Chili Recipes, Pinto bean Recipes, Pork Recipes, Rice Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Recipes using beer, Superbowl Recipes, World Recipes, Add category