Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggplant_Rollatini

Description : 
 I have more cookbooks... but many do not have recipes on page 17. It's usually some part of an intro to the cookbook. Here is a Page 17 recipe:
 This is a good recipe to make in large quantities, either at the firehouse or for parties. You can freeze the leftovers or refrigerate and eat them over the next several days. When I make it at the firehouse, however, there usually aren't any leftovers. 
 
 Source:  Cooking with the Firehouse Chef  by Keith Young FDNY Ladder-156 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Preparation time: 30 minutes 
 Cooking time: 25 minutes 
 Serves 12 to 15 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups extra-virgin  olive oil 
 3 large  eggplants , thinly sliced lengthwise 
 2 cups  flour 
 9  eggs , beaten 
 3 pounds  ricotta cheese 
 1½ pounds  mozzarella  cheese, grated 
 2 cups freshly grated  romano  cheese 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ⅓ lb  prosciutto , thickly sliced and diced 
 ¼ cup chopped fresh  parsley  or  basil 
 salt and freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 1 recipe  My Marinara Sauce 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Fill a large skillet with olive oil to a depth of about ¼ inch and set it over medium-high heat. 
 Dip the eggplant in the flour and then in the beaten egg. 
 When the oil is hot enough for a bit of flour to sizzle when it's dropped in, fry the eggplant in batches for about 2 minutes on each side, until it's lightly browned. 
 Transfer the slices to a sheet pan as they're done, and keep adding a bit more oil to the pan as needed. 
 In a large mixing bowl, combine the ricotta, ⅔ the mozzarella, ½ the romano, the garlic, prosciutto, parsley or basil, and salt and pepper to taste. 
 Place about 1 tablespoon of the mixture at one long end of an eggplant slice, roll it up, and transfer it, open side down, to a baking dish large enough to hold all the eggplant in a single layer. 
 Repeat this process with the remaining eggplant and filling. 
 Cover the rolled eggplant with the  marinara sauce , sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella and romano, and bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes or until hot. 
 Serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Egg Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Romano Recipes, Prosciutto Recipes, Add category