Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fresh_Roasted_Tomato_and_Pepper_Soup

Ingredients : 
 6 lbs fresh  tomatoes , any type 
 3  red bell peppers 
 2  yellow bell peppers 
 2  orange bell peppers 
 1  yellow onion 
 1  red onion 
 1 head  garlic 
 olive oil 
 raw  sugar 
 Veggies for sauté : 
 4  red onions , sliced 
 4  garlic  cloves 
 Soup base : 
 4 cups low sodium  chicken broth 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 2 tablespoons  flour 
 1 tablespoon fresh  basil 
 1 cup  heavy cream 
 pecorino  cheese, to garnish 
 Directions : 
 Turn broiler on high, adjust rack to 3" wash and half all the roasting veggies and place cut side up in deep roasting pan. 
 Prepare  garlic  to roast by cutting off top and slightly exposing each clove and toss in with veggies. 
 Drizzle light with  olive oil ,and sprinkle scantly with raw  sugar . 
 Place under broiler to roast 20 minutes or until everything becomes blistered and black. 
 You may need to adjust rack and time,or do in batches removing and replacing veggies as needed. 
 Discard liquid from pan, pop out  garlic  clove and puree everything in a blender,this may need to be done in batches as well. 
 Set puree aside, i do not strain this i like all the texture and color, but im sure you could if you want. 
 Warm  chicken stock  on stove top. 
 Place sliced  onion  in pan with a small amount of  olive oil  to carmelize. 
 Stir until golden and gooey, add  garlic  at the very end, so not to burn. 
 In a large, heavy bottom soup pot, melt  butter  and add  flour , making a roux, stir and cook until dark brown and aromatic about 10 minute. 
 Wisk in the heated  chicken stock , when that is mixed add the tomato puree  heavy cream  and  basil . 
 Warm slowly and finally add the carmelized  onion  and  garlic . 
 Garnish with the pecorino  cheese , grated with large grader. 
 
 
 
Categories: Californian Soups, Tomato Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Holland bell pepper Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Basil Recipes, Pecorino Tuscano Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red onion Recipes, Add category