Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Refrigerator_No-cheese_Cake

Description : 
 6 servings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 large (2 ½ x 2 ½-inches)  graham crackers 
 1 tsp  margarine 
 1 tbsp granulated  gelatin 
 ½ cup cold  water 
 2 cups plain low-fat  yogurt 
 sugar substitute  equivalent to 1 tbsp  sugar 
 ½ cup iced  water 
 1½ tsp grated  lemon rind 
 1  egg white 
 ½ cup  instant nonfat dry milk 
 2 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 1½ tsp pure vanilla  extract 
 sugar substitute  equivalent to 1 tbsp  sugar 
 3  maraschino cherry , halved, or 6 small  strawberries  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Put crackers in a plastic bag and tie top; crush with a rolling pin or jar to make fine crumbs. 
 Melt  margarine  in the bottom of a 8- or 9-inch round cake pan. 
 Spread  margarine  evenly over bottom of pan. 
 Sprinkle crumbs evenly on bottom only; press gently. 
 Chill in refrigerator. Soak  gelatin  in cold  water . 
 Heat over boiling  water  to dissolve the  gelatin . 
 Combine  yogurt  and first measure of sweetener; 
 Beat at moderate speed with rotary beaters, adding dissolved  gelatin  gradually. 
 Chill until it is the consistency of unbeaten  egg whites . 
 Meanwhile, place iced  water ,  lemon  rind,  egg white , and dry  milk  powder in a large bowl. 
 Beat with rotary beaters until soft peaks form. 
 Add  lemon juice ,  vanilla , and second measure of sweetener. 
 Beat at high speed until stiff. 
 Fold into partially set  yogurt ; blend very well. Spoon mixture on top of crumbs in pan. 
 Chill 4 hours or longer until set. 
 To unmold, loosen around edge of mold with thin spatula right down to bottom of pan. 
 Place larger plate upside down on top of mold. 
 Turn plate and pan over; cover top of pan for a few seconds with a hot cloth that has been run under hot  water  and then rung out. 
 Remove cloth and lift pan from mold. 
 When ready to serve, garnish with  cherries  or  strawberries  and cut into six equal slices. 
 Nutritional information : 
 For 1 serving (⅙ cake):
 
 13 gm. Carbohydrates | 8 gm. Protein | 2 gm. Fat | 104 calories | 0.3 gm. Fiber | 124 mg. Sodium | 6 mg. Cholesterol 
 Food exchanges: 1  low-fat milk 
 Low-sodium diets: this recipe is suitable 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Cake Recipes, Graham cracker Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Powdered milk Recipes, Maraschino cherry Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Add category