Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Eve_Couscous


 
 Ingredients : 
 Vegetable stew : 
 2 oz  oil 
 1 lbs  onions , sliced 
 1 lbs  carrots , sliced 
 1½ lbs  acorn squash  -- peeled, seeded and diced 
 1 tsp  ground ginger 
 ½ tsp powdered  cinnamon 
 ½ tsp  turmeric 
 ¼ tsp ground  white pepper , or more 
 1½ pint  water  or  vegetable stock 
 1 lbs courgettes -- trimmed and sliced 
 1 lbs frozen  broad beans 
 salt 
 1 each squeeze  lemon juice 
 1 dash  sugar 
 chopped fresh  coriander 
 Couscous : 
 1 lbs  couscous 
 1 tsp  salt 
 2 oz  butter 
 1 tbsp harissa sauce 
 15 oz canned  chickpeas , drained 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 tsp  cumin  seeds 
 6 oz  raisins 
 4 oz  pine nuts 
 8 oz  soy yogurt 
 a dusting of  paprika 
 Directions : 
 First make the stew. 
 Melt the  butter  in a large saucepan. 
 Add the  onions  and fry for 5 minutes, then add the  carrots ,  squash  and spices. 
 Cook for a further 10 minutes, with a lid on, stirring from time to time until all are buttery and spicy. 
 Add the  water  or stock and simmer for 10-15 minutes, or until the vegetables are just becoming tender. 
 Add the courgettes and  broad beans , and cook for a further 5 minutes or so. 
 Season with  salt ,  lemon juice , and a little  sugar  if necessary (this is best made in advance and reheated, as the flavours improve -- it is particularly good after freezing). 
 Couscous : 
 This is an unusual way to cook  couscous , but i find it gives the best results. 
 Put the  couscous  into a baking tin and add 1 pint of  water ; immediately drain this off and return the  couscous  to the tin. 
 Leave it for 20 minutes, separating the  grains  with your fingers after 10 minutes, or more times if you"re passing. 
 Put the  couscous  into a sieve or steamer lined with a blue j-cloth. 
 Set over a pan of simmering  water  (it doesn't have to be the stew) for 20 minutes. 
 Tip the  couscous  back into the baking tin and pour over 5 fl oz cold  water  with the  salt  dissolved in it. 
 Sift the  grains  with your fingers and leave for 15 minutes, then put back into the lined steamer and heat as above for a further 20 minutes. 
 Sift with your fingers into a serving bowl and stir in the  butter . 
 Set aside while you put together the extras. 
 To assemble and serve, take a ladleful of liquid from the stew and add it to the harissa to make a thick paste. 
 Put this into a small bowl. 
 Drain the chick  peas . 
 In a small pan, heat the  oil  and add the  cumin  seeds, stirring for a moment or two, then add the chick  peas  and stir until heated through. 
 Put into a second small bowl. 
 Cover the raising with boiling  water , leave for 10 minutes or longer to plump, then drain and put into a third small bowl. 
 Put the  pine nuts  into a fourth bowl -- they can be lightly toasted if you like. 
 Finally, put the  yogurt  into a fifth bowl and dust the top with some  paprika . 
 To serve, ladle the stew over the  couscous  and garnish with chopped fresh coriander. 
 
 
 
Categories: Acorn squash Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Couscous Recipes, Dairy-free Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Soy yogurt Recipes, Turmeric Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category