Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crawfish_Bisque

Description : 
       Crawfish Bisque     
 A terrific soup from Texas Tapestry cookbook. Enjoy!
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  corn oil  or  bacon fat 
 ⅓ cup  all-purpose flour 
 1 large  onion , peeled and chopped 
 1 – 2 cloves  garlic , peeled and finely chopped 
 1 stalk  celery  and leaves, chopped 
 4  scallions , white and green parts chopped separately 
 1 quart  water 
 ¼ cup  tomato paste 
 1 teaspoon dried  thyme 
 1  bay leaf 
 6 tablespoons chopped fresh  parsley 
 8  allspice  berries 
 3  cloves 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon  black pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon  white pepper 
 ¼½ teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 3 lbs uncooked  crayfish  tails, with fat if available 
 hot freshly cooked  rice 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  oil  in a large, heavy pan. 
 Add the  flour  and cook, stirring, to make medium brown roux (the color of  peanut   butter ). 
 Add the  onion ,  garlic ,  celery  and the white parts of the scallions and cook until softened, stirring occasionally. 
 Gradually stir in the  water , then add the  tomato  paste,  thyme ,  bay leaf , 4 tbsp of the  parsley ,  allspice  berries, cloves,  salt ,  peppers ,  cayenne  to taste and the  lemon juice . 
 Bring to a boil, stirring well. 
 Chop about one-quarter of the  crawfish  tails and add with the fat, if available. 
 Cover and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. 
 Add the remaining whole  crawfish  tails and simmer, covered for 15 minutes or longer. 
 Stir in the green parts of the scallions and the remaining  parsley . 
 Serve hot over  rice . 
 Note : 
 If available, add 12 or more stuffed  crawfish  heads (thawed if frozen) 5 minutes before serving.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/74/Crawfish_Bisque.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004311']
Categories: Bacon grease Recipes, Cajun Meat Dishes, Cajun Soups, Celery Recipes, Crayfish Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category