Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pan_Dulce

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   The Bread 
 1.2   The Topping 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 The Bread : 
 1 package  dry yeast 
 ¾ cup warm  water  (105°F to 115°F) 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 3 tablespoons  butter  or  margarine , melted 
 2  eggs , beaten 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 3½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 The Topping : 
 1 cup  sugar 
 1 cup  all-purpose flour 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 ⅛ teaspoon  salt 
 ½ cup  butter  or  margarine 
 1  egg yolk 
 Directions : 
 Dissolve  yeast  in warm  water  in a large mixing bowl; let  yeast  mixture stand 5 minutes. 
 Add ¾ cup  sugar , melted  butter , 2 beaten  eggs , and ½ teaspoon  salt  to  yeast  mixture, and beat at medium speed of an electric mixer until ingredients are well blended. 
 Gradually add 3½ cups  flour , beating until mixture is smooth (dough will be sticky) 
 Place dough in a well-greased bowl, turning to grease top. 
 Cover and let rise in a warm place (85'), free from drafts, 1½ hours or until doubled in bulk. 
 Punch dough down; turn out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead until dough. 
 Is smooth and elastic (2 to 3 minutes). 
 Shape dough into 18 balls, and place 2 inches apart on greased baking sheets. 
 Flatten each ball slightly. 
 Combine 1 cup  sugar , 1 cup  flour , ground  cinnamon , and ⅛ teaspoon  salt  in a medium mixing bowl; cut in ½ cup  butter  with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. 
 Stir in  egg   yolk . 
 Shape mixture into 18 balls; roll each ball to a 3-inch circle on a lightly floured surface. 
 Using a metal spatula, place one circle on top of each roll (circles should completely cover the top of each roll). 
 Score through topping and halfway through roll with a sharp knife, forming a swirl or a crisscross design. 
 Cover and let rise in a warm place, free from drafts, 30 minutes or until doubled in bulk. 
 Bake at 400°F for 10 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 
 
 
Categories: Recipes that need photos, Tex-Mex Desserts, Sweet bread Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category