Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bolitas_de_Bacalao_y_Papa

Description : 
 Codfish and potato puffs
 
 Makes 25 to 50 puffs. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb dried  salt cod 
 4 medium all-purpose  potatoes , peeled and cubed 
 2 cloves  garlic , crushed 
 1 tbsp salted  butter , softened 
 salt  to taste 
 generous grindings of  black pepper 
 2 large  eggs , lightly beaten 
 2 tbsp minced fresh  parsley 
 1 cup  cracker  meal or very fine  bread crumbs 
 peanut  or  vegetable oil  for frying 
 fresh  lime juice  to taste 
 Directions : 
 1 drain the fish, place it in a small saucepan, cover with fresh  water  and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. 
 Reduce the heat to low, and simmer 5 minutes. 
 Drain and cool the fish, remove any skin and bones, and flake. 
 In a medium-size saucepan over medium-high heat, cover the  potatoes  and  garlic  with salted  water , bring to a boil, and cook until tender, 20 to 25 minutes, then drain. 
 Mash the  potatoes , using a  potato  masher or fork, add the flaked fish,  butter ,  salt ,  pepper ,  eggs , and  parsley , and mix well. 
 Refrigerate the mixture at least 30 minutes. 
 Sprinkle a light layer of cracker meal on a work surface. 
 Taking a generous tablespoonful of the codfish mixture in the palm of your hand, form it into a ball about 1½ inches in diameter, and roll it in the crumbs; repeat with all the codfish mixture, renewing the crumbs when necessary. 
 Preheat the oven to 250°F. 
 In a large, heavy-bottomed skillet or deep fryer over medium-high heat, heat 2 to 3 inches of  oil  to 375 degrees, or until a drop of batter sizzles when it touches the  oil , and fry the puffs until golden brown on all sides, turning with a slotted spoon. 
 Do not fry too many at once or the  oil  temperature will fall and they will be soggy rather than crisp. 
 Place the puffs on a paper- towel-lined platter in the oven until all have been cooked, and serve hot, sprinkled with  lime juice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cuban Snacks, Cuban Meat Dishes, Salt cod Recipes, Potato Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Egg Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category