Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Andrea%27s_Killer_Santa_Cruz_Turkey_Chili

My best friend did Weight Watchers a few years ago and turned me onto Turkey Chili as a great high-fiber, high-protein, low-fat meal that is easy to make, easy to store, and always a crowd-pleaser. Over the years I have been experimenting with the mix and I think I have a real winner here! I use organic and local ingredients when I can (for the canned stuff, Trader Joe's has inexpensive organic canned beans, tomato sauce, corn, etc.). It is easy to do a veggie variation, too. Enjoy! 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb of  ground turkey  or  chicken  (for veggie, sub 1 cup each cubed  zucchini  and  carrot ) 
 1 large  yellow onion  diced large 
 2 cloves of  garlic , minced or crushed 
 1 tbsp ground  cumin 
 1 tbsp  cayenne pepper 
 2 tbsp dried  oregano  or  Italian seasoning  mixture 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 2 x 16 oz cans of  tomato sauce  (1 chunky and 1 smooth) 
 2 x 16 oz cans of whole  black beans 
 1 x 16 oz can of yellow  corn 
 1 x 4 oz can of green Ortega  chiles , diced 
 1 x 4 oz can of  chipotle  (fire roasted jalapeño) chile in  adobo sauce  (You will not use this whole can! Just 1 – 2 chiles is all this recipe needs - this stuff is hot!) 
 1  beer  (light beer or Mexican beer is best) 
 1 tbsp of  dark molasses 
 3 tbsp  cornstarch 
 salt  and  pepper 
 Accompaniments : 
 Avocado, Sour Cream, Cheese, Green Onions and fresh cornbread are great accompaniments!  (For calorie counters, use light sour-cream, reduced calorie cheese...etc). 
 Directions : 
 Open your beer, pour yourself half into a glass to enjoy. 
 In a large soup pot, heat oil over medium heat. 
 Sautee onions and garlic until onions start to clarify. 
 Add a tsp each of salt and pepper * add ground meat (or fresh veggies, if that is your choice) * mash the meat up with the onions, sprinkle with cumin, cayenne pepper, and oregano. 
 Sautee 5 minutes or until meat begins to brown. 
 Pour the other half of your beer into the pot and stir for another minute or so. 
 Add in green chiles. 
 Take 2 chipotle chiles from the can, and dice them up. 
 Start by adding one chile plus about a teaspoon of the adobo sauce, and reserve the other to add later if extra spiciness is required.  The rest of the can can be saved in a ziploc in the fridge. These keep well for future dishes . 
 Add the corn, beans, and tomato sauce, and another tsp of salt. 
 Stir in the molasses. 
 Cover and simmer at medium-low for about 30 minutes. 
 Add cornstarch to thicken, and then taste. 
 If you want it spicier, add more of the chipotle chile. 
 Salt to taste. 
 Enjoy! 
 
 
 
Categories: American Meat Dishes, Chili Recipes, Ground turkey Recipes, Ground chicken Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Chipotle pepper Recipes, Recipes using beer, Corn Recipes, Add category