Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Stuffed_Tomatoes

      Stuffed Tomatoes     
 Description : 
 Cooked with  water  or broth,  amaranth  releases a starch that creates a
"sauce" similar to  grits . It makes an excellent stuffing for a variety of vegetables, particularly when combined with the sweet flavoring of  Raisins  and  pine nuts .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tbl  vegetable oil 
 1 cup chopped  onion 
 1 x clove  garlic , minced 
 1 cup  amaranth 
 1 cup  vegetable stock  or broth 
 1 tsp  butter  or soy  margarine 
 ¼ cup chopped fresh  cilantro  or  parsley 
 1 cup hot  salsa 
 ½ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ½ cup  golden raisins 
 ½ cup  pine nuts , toasted 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 6 large ripe  tomatoes  or 8 medium 
 plain  yogurt  and  cilantro  sprigs, for garnish 
 
 
 Directions : 
 In medium-size saucepan, heat  oil  over medium hear. 
 Add  onion  and  garlic  and cook, stirring often, until soft, about 3 minutes. 
 Add  amaranth  and stir well. 
 Add stock and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until amaranth grain is tender and  water  is absorbed, about 20 minutes. 
 Remove pan from heat and stir in  butter  until melted. 
 Stir in  cilantro , salsa,  cinnamon ,  Raisins ,  pine nuts ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 From each  tomato , cut a thick slice from end opposite stem and discard. 
 Using a teaspoon, scoop our seeds and core; discard. 
 Arrange  tomato  shells in baking dish. 
 Spoon  amaranth  mixture into  tomato  shells. 
 Bake until  tomatoes  are soft but still retain their shape, 25 to 30 minutes. 
 Serve warm topped with  yogurt  and  cilantro  if desired. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7d/464930281.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004200']
Categories: Spanish Vegetarian, Golden raisin Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Amaranth Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Vegetarian Side Dish Recipes, Add category