Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Osterkuchen

Description : 
 Decorate this holiday specialty with your favorite German Easter candies.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Makes: 12 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2¼ cups cake  flour 
 3½ teaspoons  baking powder 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup  milk 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 ½ cup vegetable  shortening 
 1½ cups  sugar 
 4  egg whites 
 ¼ cup  apple jelly 
 1 (½ pint) package fresh  raspberries 
 3 (3½-ounce) packages Bahlsen Waffeletten au Lait (you can substitute Pepperidge Farms Milano  or  Pirouette cookies) 
 2 tablespoons chopped  pistachios 
 assorted decorative German candies 
 cooking spray 
 Lemon filling : 
 ½ cup  heavy whipping cream 
 4  egg yolks 
 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 3 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 ½ cup sparkling German  white wine 
 ½ cup  unsalted butter , cut into small cubes 
 zest  from one  lemon 
 Frosting : 
 3 cups  confectioners' sugar 
 6 tablespoons  unsalted butter , softened 
 3 tablespoons  milk 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder and salt and set aside. 
 In another bowl, combine milk and vanilla extract and set aside. 
 In a large mixing bowl, cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. 
 Take turns stirring some of the flour mixture, then some of the milk mixture into the shortening and sugar mixture, in 2-3 batches. 
 Turn mixer to medium speed and beat for 2 minutes, until batter is smooth. 
 Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form, then fold into batter in two batches until no streaks remain. 
 Pour batter into a greased and floured 9-inch, deep round cake pan and bake for 35-40 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean. 
 Remove from oven and let cool on a wire rack. 
 Lemon filling : 
 Whisk heavy whipping cream until stiff peaks form and set aside. 
 In a double boiler, combine egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice and sparkling wine. 
 Whisk constantly over simmering water until mixture thickens (approximately 10-15 minutes). 
 Bowl should not touch simmering water. 
 Use a candy thermometer to ensure mixture reaches at least 160 °F. 
 Once thickened, strain the mixture through a sieve into a medium-sized bowl. 
 Immediately whisk in butter cubes and lemon zest until butter is completely melted. 
 Fold in whipped cream. 
 Cover with parchment to prevent a film or coating from developing, and chill for at least 45 minutes. 
 Frosting : 
 In a medium-sized bowl, mix confectioners' sugar and softened butter together. 
 Add the milk and vanilla extract to the sugar and butter mixture. 
 Beat until smooth and fluffy. 
 Bring it all together : 
 Once completely cooled, remove the cake from the pan and slice it in half horizontally, using a long, serrated knife. 
 Melt the apple jelly in a saucepan over low heat until consistency is thin. 
 Brush jelly evenly on the cut surfaces of the cake. 
 Spread the lemon filling evenly on the top of the bottom half of the cake. 
 Layer raspberries evenly over the lemon filling. 
 Place the top half of the cake on top of the filling. 
 Spread the frosting evenly over the cake, first with a thin layer to seal everything together, then with a thicker, fluffier and more decorative layer. 
 Press the Bahlsen Waffeletten candy around the outside rim of the cake, leaving little or no space between each piece. 
 Sprinkle the crushed pistachios over the top of the cake and decorate with other German candy of choice. 
 Chill and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cake Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Easter Desserts, Egg Recipes, German Desserts, Pistachio Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category