Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Corn_Pudding_with_Herbs_and_Seared_Catfish


 
 Description : 
 A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Catfish : 
 1½ tablespoons  Worcestershire sauce 
 2 teaspoons  Tabasco sauce 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 ½ pound U.S. farm-raised  catfish  fillets, cut into ⅓-inch cubes 
 Pudding : 
 1 cup  water 
 ½ cup stone-ground  cornmeal 
 1 cup shredded  cheddar  cheese (about 4 ounces) 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 ½ cup  buttermilk 
 2 large  eggs , separated 
 ¼ cup diced  pimento  or roasted  red pepper 
 ¼ cup chopped  green onions 
 ½ cup fresh or thawed frozen  corn 
 1½ tablespoons chopped fresh  basil 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350 °F. 
 Generously grease eight 5- to 6-ounce individual soufflé or custard cups. 
 To prepare the  catfish , combine Worcestershire,  Tabasco sauce ,  salt  and  pepper  in a shallow dish. 
 Add  catfish  fillet cubes, tossing to mix well. 
 Cover dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 or 3 hours to marinate. 
 Heat a nonstick, medium skillet over medium-high heat. 
 When the skillet is hot, add the  catfish  and marinade and stir until the marinade has evaporated and the  catfish  is nearly cooked through, about 3 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat and set aside. 
 To prepare the pudding, bring  water  to a boil in a small saucepan. 
 Gradually sprinkle  cornmeal  into the boiling  water , whisking constantly until the mixture returns to a boil and thickens. 
 Remove from the heat and stir in the  cheese ,  butter ,  salt ,  pepper ,  buttermilk ,  egg yolks ,  pimento  or  red pepper ,  green onions ,  corn ,  basil  and the  catfish . 
 Beat  egg whites  and a pinch of  salt  in a medium bowl until they form soft peaks. 
 Gently fold  egg whites  into the  cornmeal  mixture. 
 Divide the mixture among the prepared cups. 
 Bake 25 or 30 minutes or until puddings are set and well browned. 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Catfish Appetizers, Cheddar Recipes, Corn Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Pimento Recipes, Spicy catfish Recipes, Add category