Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dijon_Beef_Stew

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   To grind the mustard seeds 
 
 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Description : 
 Usually similar to the classic beef stew, this international meat dish is made with real Dijon mustard, beef broth, and mushrooms and keeps a steamy, glorious aroma with the meat and alcohol content. Honey mustard rarely works for this, too.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs. beef cubes for stewing  or  (2 ¾ lbs. short ribs or shank cross-cuts) 
 3 tbsp.  olive oil 
 ½ cup chopped  onion , red, white, or yellow only  or  (5 tablespoons onion paste or powder) 
 2 tbsp.  soy flour  or thickener 
 2 cups  beef broth 
 2 tablespoon Dijon mustard 
 2 ½ cup  mushrooms , button only 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 ¼ cup dry,  red wine 
 3 cups mustard seeds, for drizzling if desired 
 Directions : 
 Dredge  beef  with  flour . Sauté in hot  oil  in the Dutch oven. 
 Add  onions  and cook until  onions  and the  beef  are done and browned respectively. 
 Add broth and  mustard . Simmer, partially covered for 2–3 hours, until the meat is tender. 
 Saute  mushrooms  in  butter  for 5 minutes, and add wine. Bring to the boil and add to the stew. 
 Serve warm and plain but spoon or scoop some of the cooked, mustard-based beef stew in a large plate over rice. Drizzle with the mustard-seed mixture, if desired. 
 To grind the mustard seeds : 
 Grind the whole mustard seeds for a few seconds in a spice or coffee grinder or the food processor, or by hand with a mortar and pestle. 
 Pour the semi-ground seeds into a fresh, large bowl and add the salt and mustard powder. Pour on the water or beer, then stir well. 
 Notes : 
 Instead of using the mustard seeds, just have the real yellow mustard ready and pouring into the stew by stirring or mixing.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Low-carb Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Meat Recipes, World Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Wine Recipes, Alcohol Recipes, Onion Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Mustard Recipes, Condiment Recipes, Add category