Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Amritsari_Chole


 
 Description : 
 Ethnicity - Punjabi, North Indian 
 Type of meal - Party, Lunch, Dinner 
 Ingredients : 
 To Boil : 
 250 grams chole ( chickpeas ) 
 1 teabag (this is used to give the black colour) 
 4 – 6 pieces  kali ilaichi 
 salt  to taste 
 1 teaspoon  black salt  ( use as desired or mix half of white  salt  and half of  black salt ) 
 3 – 4  green chillies  - finely chopped 
 2 – 3  tomatoes  - finely chopped 
 1 piece  ginger  - finely chopped 
 2 – 3 tsp green  coriander  - finely chopped 
 1  onion  - finely chopped 
 ½ tsp mango powder ( aamchur ) 
 1 tbsp  garam masala 
 red chilies  to taste 
 2 tsp  dry coriander 
 100 gms  ghee 
 2 pieces  bay leaves 
 Dry Spices (masala) : 
 ½ teaspoon  garam masala 
 6 pieces clove 
 1 piece  cinnamon 
 1 tsp  black pepper 
 1 tsp  jeera 
 1 tsp  coriander seeds 
 2 tsp  anardana 
 Directions : 
 Soak chole ( chickpeas ) in  water  to soak overnight. 
 Take a pressure cooker ( or use a normal vessel for boiling) and add Chole, tea bag, salt and Black Elaichi and add lots of  water  and boil for 10 minutes in the pressure cooker (30 minutes in a normal vessel). DO NOT OVERCOOK .If you overcook chole it will end up like a starchy paste. 
 After cooking discard the teabag. 
 On a Tava or a frypan, roast all dry  masala  and make a rough powder out of that and keep aside. 
 In a separate pan heat  oil  and add bayleaves and then fry the  onions  till golden brown. 
 Add  garam masala  and tomatoes and fry and then add all the chole ( keep the  water  separately ) in the pan and mix well for 2 minutes. 
 Add the dry  masala  which you have already roasted on a pan. 
 Add  water  in which you boiled the Chole earlier. 
 Let it bring to a boil and then let it simmer for 10 minutes. 
 If the  curry  looks too thick then add some  water . 
 Mash some of the chole by pressing it with a spatula to give it a thick consistency like thick  cream . 
 Garnish it with chopped coriander. Green chillies halves. 
 red onions  soaked in  vinegar  are an excellent accompaniment with chole. 
 Serve with  rice , or Bhature . 
 Tips : 
 The chole which you eat in the shops have slightly blackish colour. 
 This can be achieved in many ways at home. 
 While boiling the choles add teabags ( 1 or 2 ) to add the slightly black colour. 
 Add 2 -3 drops of  soy sauce  while you finished the cooking( DO NOT add more than this otherwise the taste will be overshadowed with  soy sauce  flavour) 
 While Preparing the dry  masala , Roast them till they start getting burnt and turn black. 
 
 
 
Categories: Punjabi Vegetarian, Amchoor Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Curry Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Add category