Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Judy%27s_Stir-fry


 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup lite  soy sauce  (or regular or watered down regular) 
 2 tbsp  mirin  (Japanese wine) or any  red wine  preferably sweet 
 3 tsp  sugar 
 ¼ tsp  garlic powder  (only powder will stir in well) 
 1 tbsp  corn starch 
 Veggies : 
 mushrooms 
 any kind of  onion  or  scallion  ( green onion ) or  shallot 
 napa (chinese) cabbage 
 carrots 
 zucchini 
 red  or  yellow  or  green bell peppers 
 yams  cut into matchsticks 
 celery 
 jícama  (don't overcook, leave crunchy) 
 snow peas 
 asparagus 
 Optional : 
 ½ tsp  ginger  (or more) 
 ¼ tsp (or more)  red pepper flakes 
 Directions : 
 Combine sauce ingredients in a jar or bowl, mix well and set aside. 
 Stir fry 3 cups of any veggies, using a wok or non-stick fry pan on med-hi heat. 
 Make sure to the cut the harder veggies ( carrots ?) smaller/thinner than the softer ones ( mushrooms ,  cabbage ?), stir fry the harder ones first, then add the softer ones last, so that all veggies are just crisp tender at the same time. 
 I start with about ½ a cup of veggie broth by the side of the stove and add a tablespoon at a time as needed to keep a little liquid in the wok. 
 Do not add so much that the veggies are sitting in the broth. 
 Always keep stirring or moving veggies around with a spatula so that they do not sit in the liquid (that"s why they call it stir-fry!) some veggies I recommend:  mushrooms , any kind of  onion  or  scallion  ( green onion ) or  shallot , napa (Chinese)  cabbage ,  carrots ,  zucchini ,  red  or  yellow  or  green bell peppers ,  yams  cut into matchsticks,  celery ,  jícama  (don't overcook, leave crunchy)  snow peas ,  asparagus . 
 When veggies are ready, stir or shake sauce well to keep  corn starch  well-mixed in, and pour over the veggies in the pan (if you have a wok, always introduce new liquids by pouring them down the sides of the pan so that they can pick up heat on the way down and begin steaming immediately). 
 Continue to keep veggies moving around the pan by stirring with a spatula. 
 The  corn starch  will cause the sauce to thicken within a minute or so and will give it a sheen as if there is  oil  in it. 
 Serve over  rice  or noodles immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Better Digestion Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Snow pea Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Asparagus Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Yam Recipes, Jícama Recipes, Mirin Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Add category