Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jwanu_Chicken


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lb.  Chicken , cut into 1-in. cubes 
 ½ lb.  spinach , thoroughly washed and torn into pieces 
 3 dried red chilies 
 1 tablespoon jwanu ( lovage  seeds) 
 1 teaspoon musturd seeds 
 1 teaspoon  turmeric 
 1 teaspoon cracked  black pepper 
 1 tablespoon  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon  ginger , minced 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  powder 
 1 teaspoon coriander powder 
 3 fresh chilies, julienned 
 2 cup  tomatoes 
 2 cups  yogurt 
 2 cups  chicken broth 
 3 tablespoons musturd  oil 
 salt  to taste 
 1 tablespoon chopped  cilantro  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl, combine  Chicken  pieces with one tablespoon of musturd  oil ,  turmeric  powder, cracked  black pepper , and  salt . Let marinate for 10–15 minutes. 
 In the mean time, heat two tablespoons of  oil  in a sauce pan. Put dried red chilies and fry until dark. Add jwanu and musturd seeds to the  oil ; fry for 15 sec. Transfer the marinated  Chicken  pieces to the pan and brown well on medium-high heat. Lower the heat to medium and to the browned  Chicken  mixture, add  garlic ,  ginger ,  cumin , coriander, and fresh chilies; stir the entire mixture well for about two minutes until the aroma of different spices are released. Add chopped  tomatoes ,  yogurt  and  chicken broth  and mix well. Bring the stew mixture to a boil and allow stewing over low heat for about 20–25 minutes until the  Chicken  is tender and the desired consistency of the sauce has been achieved. 
 And last, add  spinach  and gently fold into the stewed jwanu  Chicken  in batches. Allow cooking for a minute or so just until all the  spinach  is wilted. Adjust seasoning with  salt  and  pepper . Garnish with chopped  cilantro . Serve with  rice  and roti.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Lovage Recipes, Nepali Meat Dishes, Nepali Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Turmeric Recipes, Add category