Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christopsomo_tis_Kirias_Zinis

Ingredients : 
 4½ cup  semolina  flour 
 2¼ cup  sugar 
 3 tbsp freshly ground  cinnamon 
 1 tbsp freshly ground  anise 
 1 tbsp freshly  ground coriander 
 2 tsp freshly ground  cloves 
 3  oranges 
 6  tangerines 
 2½ cup dried  currants 
 1 cup  golden raisins 
 1 cup  olive oil , mild 
 Starter dough : 
 4 pack  active dry yeast 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 ½ cup hot  water , just above body temperature 
 4 cup  all-purpose flour  plus extra for kneading 
 Directions : 
 Make the flavoring addition first. 
 Combine the  semolina   flour ,  sugar ,  cinnamon ,  anise , coriander, and cloves in a bowl and add the finely grated zests of the  oranges  and tangerines. 
 Squeeze some of the  oranges  and tangerines. 
 Squeeze some of the  oranges  and tangerines to obtain 1¼ cups juice. 
 Use half this juice to soak the  currants  and  raisins  for a minimum of 1 hour, preferably overnight. 
 Put the remaining juice in a pan with the  olive oil . 
 Heat until almost boiling. 
 Pour this into a bowl with the  semolina  and spice mixture and stir. 
 Cover and leave overnight until needed. 
 Next day, combine the dried  yeast  with the  sugar  and hot  water  in a cup. 
 Put the  flour  in a bowl, making a well in the center. 
 Pour in the  yeast  mixture. 
 Squeeze ⅔ cup more  orange  and tangerine juice, warm it, and add. 
 Work to a smooth dough, adding more  water  and warm juice if necessary. 
 Put the dough into an oiled bowl, cover with a cloth, and leave to rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size - about an hour. 
 Punch down the dough in a bowl. 
 Combine the drained  currants  and  raisins  with the  semolina  and spice mixture and, working with your hands, combine with the dough. 
 Turn the dough onto a floured surface and knead for 10 minutes, adding more  flour  if the dough is sticky. 
 Divide the dough into three equal pieces. 
 Oil 3 loaf pans, each 1½ quart capacity. 
 Shape each piece to fit the length of the pan and fit them in, so the corners are well filled. 
 Cover with a cloth and leave to rise in a warm place until almost double in size - another hour. 
 Bake in an oven preheated to 350°F for 1 hour and 10 minutes or more; the loaves should be rich brown color and make a hollow sound when the unmolded bread is thumped on the bottom. 
 Leave on a rack to cool. 
 The bread will keep for at least 3 weeks. 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Breads, Golden raisin Recipes, Semolina Recipes, Currant Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Star anise Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Mandarin orange Recipes, Orange Recipes, Add category