Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mozart_Cake


 
       Mozart Cake     
 Ingredients : 
 Cake batter : 
 4 large  eggs , separated 
 ½ cup granulated  sugar 
 ¾ cup + 1 tablespoon  flour 
 ½ cup + 1 tablespoon  cornstarch 
 ½ teaspoon  baking powder 
 Chocolate ganache filling : 
 2 cups  heavy cream , divided 
 1¼ cups (8 oz) good quality  milk chocolate  chips 
 1 (4 ounces) good quality  semi-sweet chocolate  bar, grated, divided use 
 2 tablespoons unsalted  pistachios , finely chopped 
 Decorations : 
 1 (7 ounces) package  marzipan  paste or  almond paste  (you might not use all of it) 
 green  food coloring  paste (optional) 
 1 tablespoon unsalted  pistachios , finely chopped 
 ¾ cup  heavy cream 
 1 packet  vanilla sugar  (approximately ¾ tablespoon) 
 powdered sugar , to taste only if needed 
 Directions : 
 Beat  egg whites  until stiff but not dry, adding  granulated sugar . 
 Next, mix in the  egg yolks  one at a time, just enough to combine. 
 Sift together  flour ,  baking powder , and  cornstarch ; gradually and gently fold into the  egg  mixture to combine - be careful not to deflate the  egg whites  by over-mixing. 
 Line a large nonstick spring-form pan with parchment paper and fill with the batter. 
 Bake in a preheated oven at 350 °F (175 °C or gas mark 2) for 30 minutes - it will only rise up partway. 
 Let cool completely. 
 Meanwhile, heat ½ cup of the  cream  in a small pan over medium-low heat, then stir in the  milk chocolate  until it melts and is smooth. 
 Remove pan from heat and let cool for 1 hour at room temperature. 
 Finely grate the  bittersweet chocolate  using a microplane grater and divide into two portions. 
 Beat 1½ cups of the  cream  until stiff peaks form. 
 Stir chopped  nuts  and half (one portion) of the grated  chocolate  gently into the cooled melted  chocolate  mixture. 
 Gently fold together the  whipped cream  and the cooled melted  chocolate  mixture until just combined. 
 Remove ring from spring-form pan and carefully slice the cake into three even (very thin) layers using a large serrated knife. 
 Place one cake layer on a large plate, spread with ⅓ of the  chocolate  ganache, then top with another cake layer, another layer of ⅓ of the ganache, followed by another cake layer. 
 Spread the remaining  chocolate  ganache mixture all over the top and sides of the cake. 
 Chill for 2 hours. 
 Knead the marzipan(with enough  powdered sugar  to make it sweet if unsweetened) until well blended. 
 Place marzipan between two sheets of wax paper and roll out into very flat circle, about the size of your spring-form pan. 
 Set a plate on top of the marzipan and use the plate as a guide to cut out a perfect circle; then cut circle into 16 triangles. 
 Set the marzipan triangles in a spiral around the top of the chilled cake, pressing down slightly so they stick - there should be very narrow gaps between each triangle - if desired, curl up the pointy tips decoratively first. 
 Coat the sides of the cake with some the remaining grated  chocolate . 
 Beat the remaining ¾ cups of  cream  with the  vanilla   sugar  to taste until stiff peaks form. 
 Shortly before serving, garnish cake with swirls of the whipped  vanilla   cream , the remaining chopped  nuts , and sprinkle any remaining grated  chocolate  on top. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/01/PicGj3Pwp.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004500']
Categories: Almond paste Recipes, Austrian Desserts, Cake Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Milk chocolate Recipes, Pistachio Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Add category