Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Nepali_Goat_Curry


 
 Description : 
 In this recipe, the meat is marinated in a small amount of  yogurt ,  ginger ,  garlic , red  chile paste ,  turmeric ,  salt  and  clarified butter  for up to four hours. It is then cooked with several other herbs and spices. Nepali  garam masala  or masu ko  masala  is added at the end of cooking process to retain pleasant aroma. The meat cooks in its own juice with the help of some  water . The marinated spices add flavor and tenderness. It is served with  rice , puffed-bread, chiura and a selection of chutney and vegetables.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 pounds lean  goat meat , (bone-in or boneless - preferably from shoulder or leg), cut into 1 or 1 ½-inch cubes, excess fat removed 
 1 tablespoon  clarified butter  ( ghee ) 
 1½-inch piece fresh  gingerroot , peeled and minced to fine paste (to yield 11/2 tablespoons) 
 6 medium cloves  garlic , peeled and minced and mashed to paste (to yield 1 tablespoon) 
 whole red dried  chile pepper , stemmed, broken into 2 pieces, seeded, soaked in ½ cup hot  water  until doubled in size, drained and minced to fine paste 
 ½ cup unflavored plain  yogurt , lightly beaten 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric powder 
 salt  to taste 
 4 tablespoon light  oil  (any variety) 
 1 pound yellow or white  onion , peeled and chopped fine (to yield 4 cups) 
 3-4 medium size  vine-ripened red tomato , finely chopped or mashed 
 1 tablespoon  cumin , dry-roasted and ground 
 1 ½ tablespoon  coriander , dry-roasted and ground 
 1 teaspoon  fennel seed , dry-roasted and ground 
 ½ cup  water  and more if needed 
 2 teaspoon Nepali  garam masala  or masu ko masala 
 1 or 2 bunches of  cilantro  leaves (fresh coriander), washed well, chopped to yield ½ cup 
 4  scallions , white and pale green parts only, root end discarded and sliced into cubes 
 Directions : 
 Wash meat pieces thoroughly with cold  water . Cut into 1 or a ½ inch pieces. Trim away as much visible fat as possible. Prepare the herb and spices as indicated in the ingredients. In a mixing bowl, combine meat,  clarified butter ,  ginger ,  garlic ,  chile ,  yogurt ,  turmeric  and  salt . Rub and message well into each piece vigorously by using hand. Cover and allow the meat to marinate up to four hours in room temperature or can be placed in the refrigerator overnight. Bring it back to room temperature before cooking. 
 When ready to proceed, heat  oil  in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. When hot, add  Onion  and cook until golden brown and until the  oil  starts separating from the side of the pan. Add  tomato  and cook until all the moisture has evaporated, stirring frequently. Mix ground  cumin , coriander and  fennel . Add marinated meat pieces and mix to coat the spices well. Add ½ cup of  water  and continue cooking covered. When it is boiling, reduce the heat to simmer. Continue cooking until the meat is tender and the sauce is reduced and thickened. 
 At this stage of cooking, the  oil  will start to separate and float on top of the gravy. Add  garam masala  and stir well. Add more  water  (2 tablespoons at a time) if the meat is not cooked, continue cooking until the desired tenderness is obtained. The secret to success this recipe is to keep adding small amount of  water  and let it evaporate before more is added. Remove from heat and adjust  salt . When ready to serve, transfer to serving dish, add  cilantro  and scallions. Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chile pepper Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Curry Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Masala Recipes, Nepali Meat Dishes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Add category