Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Brussels_sprouts


 Browse All Brussels sprout Recipes   
       Brussels sprouts     
 About Brussels sprouts : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Brusseles Sprouts on Wikipedia 
 The Brussels sprout (Brassica oleracea Gemmifera Group) is a cultivar group of Wild Cabbage cultivated for its small (typically 2.5-4 cm diameter) leafy heads, which resemble miniature cabbages.
 Brussels sprouts were first cultivated in Belgium, and are therefore named after its capital, Brussels.
 Brussels sprouts grow on long thick stalks, from which they must be picked off, usually by machine. In the UK, they are a traditional winter vegetable, and are often eaten boiled with a roast dinner. They can also be stir-fried or made into soup. They contain good amounts of vitamin A, vitamin C, folic acid and dietary fiber.
 According to a survey in 2002, Brussels sprouts are Britain's most hated vegetable; however, in 2005, a poll of 2,000 people named it as Britain's 5th favourite vegetable. Brussels sprout aficionados attribute the hatred of the sprouts to overcooking, which releases sulphur compounds in the vegetables that give it an unpleasant smell.
 The cooking of the Brussels sprout is also the subject of much debate. As mentioned above, Brussels sprouts release sulfur compounds when they are overcooked. Otherwise, the unpleasant smell is avoided and the vegetable possesses a delicate nutty flavour. Many consider that the best flavour is only developed in mid to late winter, after the plants have been exposed to some frost. Commonly the base is 'crossed' with a knife under the belief that this will lead to more even cooking. Others believe that this crossing procedure leads to a leaching of flavours and that it should be avoided.
 Brussels sprouts are commonly misspelled as "Brussel sprouts".
 Sold fresh or frozen, are small, spherical green vegetables, usually 1 – 2 inches (2.5 – 5 cm) in diameter. They are related to cabbage and resemble cabbage in both appearance and flavor. The best Brussels sprouts are small with tight heads and no odor. They are most flavorful if purchased still on the stalk; trim off just before cooking. Store for up to 5 days in a plastic bag in the refrigerator.
 
 Brussels sprout Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/70/BrusselsSprouts.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004156']
Categories: Cabbage, Add category