Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Garlic-studded_Pork_Loin_with_Vegetables

Description : 
 Contributed by  PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 
 Original recipe 
 Makes 4 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 (2-pound( boneless  pork loin  top roast, well trimmed 
 4 to 6 small cloves  garlic 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 2 cups  water 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 medium  onion , quartered 
 3  carrots , 1-inch diameter, cut into 2-inch pieces 
 2  celery  stalks, cut into 1-inch pieces 
 3 medium  russet potatoes , cut into quarters 
 3 tablespoons  butter 
 Directions : 
 Cut 1½-inch-deep slits into the top of the loin with a paring knife. 
 Cut one hole about every inch, depending upon your preference for garlic. 
 Insert a garlic clove into each hole and push completely into the meat. 
 Season loin with salt and pepper, adding a little pinch in the garlic holes as well. 
 In 6- or 8-quart Presto™ pressure cooker, brown meat in vegetable oil over medium high heat. 
 Brown on all sides. 
 Drain off excess oil. 
 Pour water in cooker (make sure cooker has cooled down and is not excessively hot). 
 Add bay leaf. 
 Place browned meat on cooking rack. 
 Be sure that the meat doesn't exceed the ⅔ full marking in the cooker. 
 Close pressure cooker cover securely. 
 Place regulator on vent pipe and cook 30 minutes with pressure regulator rocking slowly. 
 Quick cool the cooker and remove meat. 
 Place the vegetables and potatoes on rack. 
 Return meat on top of vegetables, making sure it does not extend beyond the ⅔ full marking. 
 Add butter. 
 Close pressure cooker cover securely. 
 Place regulator on vent pipe and cook an-other 5 minutes with pressure regulator rocking slowly. 
 Quick cool the cooker. 
 Remove meat and vegetables. 
 Allow meat to rest for 5 minutes before slicing. 
 The remaining cooking liquid makes a great sauce, either as is or lightly thickened. 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Pork loin Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Add category