Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/West_Coast_Smoked_Salmon_and_Cream_Cheese_Quiche

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 purchased from the Colvin Estate in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1989. Notation on card indicates this is a family favorite and made at last twice a month. Dated 1954.
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 ounces smoked salmon 
 4 ounces  cream cheese 
 1 cup shredded  Swiss cheese 
 1/2 cup grated asiago  Cheese 
 3  eggs 
 1-1/2 cups  light cream 
 1/2 teaspoon  kosher salt 
 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 tablespoons fresh  dill , chopped 
 Parmesan Crust: 
 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 3/4 teaspoon  kosher salt 
 1/2 cup cold  unsalted butter , cut into small bits 
 1/2 cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 1/3 cup  ice   water 
 Directions : 
 Heat oven to 425. 
 To make crust, combine  flour  and  salt  in a food processor or mixing bowl. 
 Add  butter  and process or combine with a fork until small particles are formed. 
 Add grated  Parmesan cheese  and process briefly to combine. 
 If using a food processor, transfer the contents to a mixing bowl. 
 Add cold  water  and mix to make a ball of dough. 
 Sprinkle about 3 tablespoons  flour  on a board and roll the dough into a 12-inch circle. 
 Transfer dough to 10-inch tart pan or quiche pan. 
 Lay a piece of foil inside, and put dried beans inside the foil. 
 This keeps the crust from puffing up when it bakes. 
 Bake the crust for 8 minutes. 
 Remove the foil and beans and bake 2 to 3 minutes longer. 
 Remove from oven and allow to cool while making the filling. 
 Reduce oven temperature to 350. 
 For filling, spread crumbled smoked salmon over crust. 
 Cut  cream cheese  into bits and scatter over salmon. 
 Sprinkle with  Swiss cheese  and Asiago  Cheese . 
 Beat the  eggs  in a mixing bowl. Add the  cream ,  salt ,  pepper  and  dill . Pour into crust. 
 Bake the quiche until golden brown and puffed, 40 to 45 minutes. 
 Let stand 15 minutes before serving. 
 Contributed by : 
 Cat's Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Swiss cheese Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Light cream Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Dill Recipes, Add category