Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Caramel_Matzo_Crunch

Ingredients : 
 6 unsalted  matzos 
 1 cup  unsalted butter  or  margarine 
 1½ cups  brown sugar , firmly packed 
 1¼ cups  chocolate chips , approximately 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla , optional 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. 
 Line a large (or two smaller) cookie sheets completely with foil. 
 Cover the bottom of the sheet with baking parchment on top of the foil (this is very important since the mixture becomes sticky during baking) 
 Line the bottom of the cookie sheet evenly with the matzo, cutting extra pieces, as required, to fit any spaces. 
 In a 3-quart, heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine the  butter  or  margarine  and the  brown sugar . 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture comes to a boil, about 2 to 4 minutes. 
 Boil for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. 
 Remove from the heat and pour over the matzo, covering completely. 
 Place the baking sheet in the oven and immediately reduce the heat to 350°F. 
 Bake for 15 minutes, checking every few minutes to make sure the mixture is not burning. 
 If it seems to be  browning  too quickly, remove the pan from the oven, lower the heat to 325°F, and replace the pan. 
 Remove from the oven and sprinkle immediately with the chopped  chocolate  or chips. 
 Let stand for 5 minutes, and then spread the melted  chocolate  over the matzo. 
 While still warm, break into squares or odd shapes. 
 Chill, still in the pan, in the freezer until set (it wasn't completely necessary to cut or break the pieces apart until after it was good and solid) 
 Notes : 
 As a variation, use coarsely chopped  white chocolate  or a combination of white and dark, and chopped or slivered toasted  almonds , sprinkled on top as the  chocolate  sets. You can also omit the  chocolate  for a caramel-alone  butter  crunch.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Chocolate chip Recipes, Jewish Snacks, Jewish Desserts, White chocolate Recipes, Matzo Recipes, Add category