Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Zilzil_Alecha

Ingredients : 
 3 medium  green bell pepper 
 4 tsp  chiles serranos , finely chopped 
 1 tbsp  garlic , minced 
 1½ tbsp  ginger , fresh, finely chopped 
 ½ tbsp  turmeric 
 ½ tsp  cardamom , ground 
 2 tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp  white pepper 
 ¼ cup  wine , dry, red or white 
 ½ cup  butter  or  niter kebbeh 
 2 lb  sirloin , boneless 
 2 cups  onion , finely chopped 
 Directions : 
 Coarsely chop *two* of the  bell peppers . 
 Combine these with the next eight ingredients (chiles through wine) in a blender. 
 Process until the mixture is a smooth puree. 
 Cut the remaining  bell pepper  into 2" x ½" strips. 
 Set aside. 
 Trim meat of al fat and slice ½" thick. 
 Cut slices into strips 2" long by ¼" wide. 
 Heat ½ cup  butter  or niter kebbeh in a heavy 10" to 12" skillet, until a drop of  water  dances. 
 Brown meat in the skillet, a little at a time and turning often, until the meat is browned evenly without burning. 
 Transfer meat to a plate as it is browned. 
 When all meat is browned, pour remaining fat into a measuring cup. 
 Add enough additional  butter , or niter kebbeh, to measure ½ cup. 
 Set aside. 
 Wash and dry the skillet. 
 Add the  onions  and cook them over low heat until soft and dry, about five minutes. 
 Stir the  onions  continuously to keep them from burning. 
 Pour in the ½ cup cooking fat. 
 When it begins to sputter add the  green pepper  strips. 
 Cook two to three minutes, stirring continuously, until the  pepper  strips are soft. 
 Add the pureed  green pepper  mixture. 
 While stirring, heat to a boil. 
 Add  beef  strips and any liquid accumulated on the plate to the skillet. 
 Stir into the sauce to coat meat evenly. 
 Reduce the heat, partially cover, and simmer until the meat is cooked to taste. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ethiopian Meat Dishes, Stew Recipes, Beef sirloin Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Ground turmeric Recipes, Wine Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Serrano pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category