Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Loubia_b%27Dersa

Description : 
 Algerian chili
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb (2 cups) small  navy beans , soaked 
 ¼ cup olive  oil 
 1 large  onion , finely diced 
 3 small  dried red chilies , seeded 
 15  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1 tbsp sweet  paprika 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 4 tsp ground  cumin 
 6 oz  tomato paste , canned 
 2  tomatoes , coarsely chopped 
 7 cup  water , or  vegetable broth 
 2  bay leaves 
 ⅛ tsp  cayenne , or to taste 
 20 sprig fresh  flat-leaf parsley , chopped 
 2½ tsp  salt 
 10 sprig fresh  cilantro , chopped 
 cider vinegar , or  red wine vinegar , optional 
 Directions : 
 Rinse and pick over the beans and soak them overnight in a bowl of  water  to cover. 
 Drain and proceed with the recipe. 
 For the quick-soak method, place the beans in a large soup pot and add 10 cups of hot  water . 
 Bring them to a rolling boil for 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Turn off the heat and let the beans stand in the cooking  water  for at least 1 hour, and preferable longer. 
 Drain the beans and proceed with the recipe. 
 The older the beans, the longer they will take to cook. 
 In a large soup pop over medium high heat, heat the  oil , and cook the  onion , stirring occasionally, until tender; 6 to 8 minutes. 
 Add the chilies,  garlic ,  paprika ,  pepper , and  cumin . 
 Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Add the  tomato  paste and cook, stirring, until the mixture thickens, 1 to 2 minutes. 
 Stir in the  tomatoes  and 1 cup of the  water  or broth and bring to a boil. 
 Add the beans, the remaining 6 cups  water  or broth, the  bay leaves , cayenne, and 10 of the  parsley  sprigs tied together with cotton string. 
 Mince the remaining  parsley  and se t aside. 
 Lower the heat to medium low, cover, and cook the beans until tender, 1 to 2 hours. 
 Before serving, discard the chilies,  bay leaves , and tied  parsley . 
 Season with  salt . 
 Stir in the reserved minced  parsley  and  cilantro . 
 Serve hot with  vinegar  on the side, if you like. 
 
 
 
Categories: Algerian Appetizers, Algerian Vegetarian, Chili Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Dried chile pepper Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Navy bean Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category