Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baked_Stuffed_Lobster_New_England-style

Ingredients : 
 8 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 3 tablespoons  butter , melted (for brushing) 
 1 medium  onion , finely diced 
 2 sprigs  tarragon , leaves picked and coarsely chopped 
 2 sprigs  Italian parsley , leaves picked and coarsely chopped 
 4 ounces peeled raw Maine  shrimp  or raw  scallops  or cooked  crabmeat  or  lobster  meat, cut into ½-inch dice 
 kosher salt  or  sea salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 hard shell select  lobsters  (1½ to 2½ pounds each) 
 3 ounces common  crackers  or oyster crackers or dried  cornbread , crumbled 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 425°F. 
 Melt 8 tablespoons  butter  in a 9-inch skillet over medium heat. 
 Add the  onion  and cook for 5 minutes until soft but not browned. 
 Stir in the  tarragon  and  parsley . 
 If using raw  shrimp  or  scallops , add them with the herbs and cook for 1 minute. 
 Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. 
 If using cooked lobster or crabmeat, remove the pan from the heat as soon as you stir in the herbs, let cool, and then add the lobster or crabmeat. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 With a cleaver of chef’s knife, split the lobsters in half lengthwise. 
 Remove and discard the head sac and intestine. 
 Remove the tomalley and the roe if present and place in a small bowl. 
 Break into small pieces using a fork. 
 With the back side of a knife, crack the center of each claw on 1 side only. 
 Season the lobsters lightly with  salt  and  pepper . 
 On a large roasting pan or baking sheet, place the halves together to resemble a butterfly. 
 The tomalley and roe are optional for the stuffing. 
 If you want to include them, mix them into the seafood mixture. 
 Gently fold the crumbled crackers into the mixture. 
 Divide the mixture evenly between 2 lobsters. 
 If you are serving 1 lobster per person, spread the stuffing over the center so that the lobsters look whole again. 
 Do not pack the stuffing tightly, or it will affect the even baking of the lobster. 
 Brush the 3 tablespoons melted  butter  over the exposed meat tail, stuffing and claws. 
 Bake until the lobster is cooked through and the stuffing is crisp and golden. 
 Bake 17 minutes for a 1½ pound lobster and 24 minutes for a 2-pound lobster. 
 
 
 
Categories: New England Meat Dishes, Lobster Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Tarragon Recipes, Scallops Recipes, Crab Recipes, Cornbread Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category