Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lasagna_%C3%A0_la_Dominicana


 
 Ingredients : 
 9 "strips" of  lasagna  (better if fresh) 
 1 lb of shredded  mozzarella 
 Beef filling : 
 2 lbs of  ground meat 
 2 tablespoons of  tomato paste 
 1 small  red onion  diced into small cubes 
 2 tablespoons of  olive oil 
 black pepper 
 oregano 
 salt 
 Sauce : 
 10 ver no y ripe  tomatoes 
 ¼ teaspoon of ground  black pepper 
 2 tablespoons of  olive oil 
 1 pinch of  oregano 
 ½ tablespoon of mashed  garlic 
 salt 
 Directions : 
 Put the ground  beef  in a bowl, mix in the  onion , add a pinch of  oregano , a pinch of  pepper  and a teaspoon of  salt . 
 In a shallow pan heat a tablespoon of  oil . 
 Add the ground  beef  and stir so it cooks uniformly. 
 Add two tablespoons of  water  and the  tomato  paste. 
 Let simmer at medium heat. 
 Adjust  water  when necessary. 
 When the meat is ready let all the liquid evaporate, adjusting  salt  to taste. 
 Turn off the heat and reserve. 
 Put  water  to boil. 
 Submerge the  tomatoes  in the boiling  water  for a few seconds to loosen the skin. 
 Skin, and cut into small pieces getting rid of the seeds. 
 Sprinkle  oregano  and  salt  on the  tomatoes . 
 Heat up the  oil , add the  tomatoes  and  garlic . 
 Simmer at very low heat until it turns into about 2½ cup of  tomato  sauce. 
 Add a few tablespoons of  water  if necessary. 
 Adjust  salt . 
 When the sauce is ready turn off the fire. 
 Reserve. 
 Boil the  pasta  until slightly harder than al dente having added a teaspoon of  salt  to the  water . 
 Spread ¼ of the sauce in the bottom of a glass pan. 
 Lay ⅓ of the  pasta  on top. 
 Spread half the meat on top, top with ⅓ of the  cheese . 
 Lay another third of the  pasta , ⅓ of the sauce and another third of the  cheese . 
 Repeat. 
 Top with  cheese . 
 Bake at low heat for 20 minutes. 
 Let stand for 5 minutes before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Dominican Appetizers, Oregano Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Lasagne Recipes, Fresh pasta Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category