Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Pomodoro

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 boneless and skinless  chicken breasts 
 salt ,  pepper  and  flour 
 2 tbsp vegetable  oil 
 ½ cup  vodka 
 1 cup  chicken broth 
 2 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 2 cups diced  tomatoes  (canned  tomatoes  are just fine. use the ones with roasted  garlic  included if you can find them. drain off the excess juice) 
 ½ cup  heavy cream  or  half and half 
 1 bunch  scallions , minced 
 Directions : 
 Remove the  chicken breasts  from the package and wash. Set aside. 
 In a large storage bag, put in one-half cup of  flour , a half teaspoon of  salt  and a half teaspoon of  pepper  (or to taste). 
 Shake the combination until well mixed. 
 Now, one at a time, add the  chicken  breasts. 
 Shake them until they're coated with  flour . 
 Set each one aside as you've coated it. Toss out any leftover coating mixture. 
 Depending on how big your  chicken breasts  are, it might even take a bit more  flour . 
 Heat the vegetable  oil  on medium high and add the  chicken breasts , breast-side down first. 
 Saute until that side of the  chicken  is golden brown. This should take just a few minutes. 
 Turn over and lightly brown the underside of the  chicken  breast. 
 Remove the  chicken  from the saute pan and put it in an ovenproof dish. Do not wash out the saute pan! 
 Put the  chicken  in the oven at 400 degrees to finish the  chicken  by roasting it. This should take no more than 20 minutes to a half hour. 
 While the  chicken  is in the oven, you are going to finish your sauce. Use the same pan that has the drippings in it. 
 With the stove burner turned off, deglaze the pan by pouring in the  vodka . Do not do this with the burner on or you'll risk singing your eyebrows or worse! 
 Use a wooden spoon to scrape up the bits in the bottom of the pan. 
 Add the  chicken broth  and the  lemon  juice. You'll want to reduce this mixture by about 25%. Do not do this on medium high heat. 
 Then add the  tomatoes  and the heavy  cream . Turn to medium low. 
 You are just trying to get the sauce to start to thicken up. Stir often. 
 When the sauce is finished, turn off the burner if the  chicken  is not ready yet. 
 You can re-heat the sauce in a few minutes when the  chicken  is finished. 
 To test your  chicken , you can cut a small slice into it; if the juices run clear and you don't see pink, you're ready to go. 
 Put the  chicken  on the plate. Spoon sauce on top and then sprinkle with the green  onion  pieces for color. 
 If you are serving the dish with  potatoes  and a veggie, you can sprinkle the whole plate with the  onions . 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Vodka Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Green onion Recipes, World Recipes, Add category