Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Creamy_Tofu_Cheesecake

Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 1 cup  graham cracker  crumbs 
 ½ cup finely  ground almonds 
 ¼ cup unrefined  sugar  crystals or  sugar 
 2  eggs 
 4 tablespoons  unsalted butter  or  margarine , melted, or Spectrum spread 
 Filling : 
 16 ounces  silken tofu 
 16 ounces  tofu cream cheese 
 ¾ cup  granulated sugar 
 4 teaspoons grated  lemon zest 
 2 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 2 tablespoons  arrowroot powder 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 For the crust, in a bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs with the  ground almonds  and sweetener. 
 With a fork, blend the  butter , spread or  margarine  into the mixture until it clings together when you press a teaspoon of it between your fingers. 
 Turn the mixture into a 8-inch spring-form pan. 
 With your fingers or the back of a soup spoon, spread and pat the crust until it covers the bottom of the pan. 
 Keep working the crust up the sides of the pan to a height of about 1 inch, leaving it thicker around the bottom edge, where the sides and bottom of the pan meet. 
 Make sure the crust is thinner around the top edge. 
 Bake the crust 8 minutes. 
 Set aside to cool slightly. 
 For the filling, purée the  tofu  in a food processor. 
 Add the  cream cheese  and process to blend. 
 Add the  sugar  and  eggs  and process to incorporate them completely. 
 Blend in the  lemon juice  and  vanilla extract . 
 Finally, blend in the  arrowroot . 
 Pour the filling into the prepared crust, filling it to within ½ inch of the top. 
 Bake in the center of the oven for 60 minutes. 
 The cake will be golden on top, slightly browned around the edges, and still puffed and jiggling in the center. 
 Turn off the heat but leave the cake sitting in the oven for 60 minutes (it is okay to peek quickly once or twice) the warm cake will still be just soft to the touch in the center. 
 Set the cake on a rack and let cool to room temperature. 
 Cover the cake lightly with foil and refrigerate 24 hours before serving. 
 Notes : 
 The cake will taste delicious once it is chilled through, but only reaches full creaminess after being refrigerated 8 hours, or overnight.
 Spectrum Spread is a non-hydrogenated  canola oil  product made by Spectrum Naturals, Inc.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Arrowroot starch Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Almond meal Recipes, Soy cheese Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Canola oil Recipes, Add category