Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Amaranth_Cakes_with_Wild_Mushrooms


 
 Ingredients : 
 Cakes : 
 ½ oz dried  porcini mushrooms 
 1 cup  amaranth  grain 
 2 tbsp  shallots 
 ¾ tsp  salt 
 1 large  egg 
 2 tbsp  all-purpose flour 
 1 tbsp finely chopped fresh  marjoram 
 extra virgin  olive oil , as needed 
 Mushroom mixture : 
 2 tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 lb wild  mushrooms  such as  chanterelles  or  morels , cleaned and cut into bite-sized pieces 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 2 tbsp finely chopped shallots 
 1 clove  garlic , finely chopped 
 ½ cup dry  white wine 
 2 tbsp  unsalted butter 
 1 tbsp coarsely chopped fresh  marjoram 
 1 cup shaved  parmegiano reggiano  cheese 
 Directions : 
 To make batter for Cakes: Pour 2 cups boiling  water  over dried porcini, and let soak for 15 minutes. Using slotted spoon, lift  Mushrooms  from  water . Carefully pour  Mushroom   water  through fine sieve into another container, discarding any sediment. Rinse  Mushrooms  again, and chop very fine. Set aside. 
 Place  amaranth , shallots,  salt , chopped  Mushrooms  and 1½ cups  Mushroom  liquid in medium-sized saucepan. Bring to a simmer, cover and reduce heat to very low. Cook for 25 minutes or until  grain  absorbs all liquid. Transfer to mixing bowl, and cool. Stir in  egg ,  flour  and  marjoram . 
 Mushroom mixture : 
 Heat  olive oil  in large skillet over medium-high heat. Add  Mushrooms , season with  salt  and cook, tossing from time to time, until  Mushrooms  release moisture and begin to brown. Add shallots and  garlic , cook 1 minute more and add wine. Continue to cook until only a few tablespoons of liquid remain. Stir in  butter  and  marjoram , and transfer to bowl or saucepan. Keep warm while making cakes. 
 Cakes : 
 Pour ⅛-inch layer of  olive oil  into large skillet, and heat over medium heat. When  oil  is hot, drop in 2 tablespoon-sized mounds of  amaranth  batter, and flatten with fork into pancake shape. Cook until browned on bottoms, about 1 minute, flip and brown top. Repeat with remaining batter until used up. 
 To serve, alternate layers of  amaranth  cakes and  Mushrooms  on individual serving plates or large platter. Top with shaved  Cheese , and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Marjoram Recipes, White wine Recipes, Porcino Recipes, Amaranth Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Morels Recipes, Chanterelle Recipes, Add category