Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Hazelnut_Zebras

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  hazelnuts  (5 oz.) 
 1 stick (8 Tbs.)  unsalted butter 
 6 squares (6 oz.)  unsweetened chocolate , coarsely chopped 
 2 cups  Sugar 
 4 large  eggs 
 2 tsp.  vanilla extract 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 tsp.  baking powder 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 Confectioners’  Sugar  for coating 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 325 °F. Spread  hazelnuts  on baking sheet and bake until skins blister and  nuts  are fragrant, 12 to 13 minutes. Slide  nuts  onto a kitchen towel, fold towel over and rub vigorously to remove skins; don’t be concerned if little bits adhere to  nuts . Cool  nuts 
 
 thoroughly.
 
 In top of double boiler set over barely simmering  water , melt  chocolate  with  butter , stirring until smooth. Remove top pan from  water  and let cool.
 
 When  nuts  are thoroughly cool, put them in food processor with 1/4 cup of  Sugar  and pulse on/off to finely grind  nuts ; set aside.
 
 In large bowl, beat remaining 1 3/4 cups  Sugar  and  eggs  with an electric mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Beat in  vanilla  and cooled  chocolate  mixture. Stir in  nuts .
 
 In medium bowl, mix  flour ,  baking powder  and  salt . Add to batter, about half at a time, beating well after each addition (dough will be very soft). Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight.
 
 Preheat oven to 325 °F. Grease two large baking sheets or line with parchment paper. Pinch off pieces of dough and roll into 1 1/2-inch balls. Roll in confectioners’  Sugar , coating well, then place on prepared baking sheets, spacing about 3 inches apart. Bake until puffy and seem underdone when poked, about 13 minutes. Transfer baking sheets to wire racks and cool 10 minutes, then remove cookies to rack and cool completely. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Hazelnut Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category