Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pork


 Browse All Pork Recipes : 
 Pork loin Recipes  |  Pork chop Recipes  |  Pork tenderloin and fillet Recipes  |  Pork chump and hind loin Recipes  |  Pork leg Recipes  |  Pork knuckle and shank Recipes  |  Pork rib Recipes  |  Pork shoulder and blade Recipes  |  Pork shoulder steak Recipes  |  Pork hand and spring Recipes  |  Pork belly Recipes 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   About Pork 
 2   Buying Pork 
 
 2.1   Basic Pork Cuts 
 
 
 3   Variations of Pork 
 4   Storing Pork 
 5   Pork Recipes 
 
 5.1   Pork Related Recipes 
 
 
 
 
 About Pork : 
 Pork  is the meat taken from pigs. Pork meat is the most popular source of meat in German cuisine. Cured pork meats and sausages from Germany are renowned all over the world. They come packed in cans, glass jars, or vacuum packed. There are about 1,500 kinds of  sausages  on the German sausage market. Germans also like to prepare dishes with veal (Kalb), beef (Rind), chicken (Huhn) and venison (Wild).
 
 Buying Pork : 
 When shopping for pork for a particular recipe. It is best to know which cut of pork to use. Here are some basic cuts found in most markets and butcher shops.
 
 Basic Pork Cuts : 
 Pork loin 
 Pork tenderloin and fillet 
 Pork chops 
 Pork leg 
 Pork knuckle and shank 
 Pork rib 
 Pork shoulder and blade 
 Pork shoulder steak 
 Pork hand and spring 
 Pork belly 
 Variations of Pork : 
 Bacon 
 Ham 
 Storing Pork : 
 Avoid cross-contamination of juices from uncooked pork which may drop on other ingredients that are eaten raw.
 
 Pork Recipes : 
 Pork Loin Recipes 
 Pork chop Recipes 
 Pork tenderloin and fillet Recipes 
 Pork chump and hind loin Recipes 
 Pork leg Recipes 
 Pork knuckle and shank Recipes 
 Pork rib Recipes 
 Pork shoulder and blade Recipes 
 Pork shoulder steak Recipes 
 Pork hand and spring Recipes 
 Pork belly Recipes 
 Pork Related Recipes : 
 Ham Recipes 
 Bacon Recipes 
 Pork sausage Recipes 
 Prosciutto Recipes 
 Pancetta Recipes 
 
 
 
Categories: Pork, Meat, Add category