Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Doro_Wat_II

Ethiopian stew. Snagged this from over on the Rime Cuisine echo. I'm in the process of making it even as I type and it's *real* good so far. A sweet, rich, hot stew. The sweetness comes from the huge amount of  onions  used. The richness from the  butter  (it definitely ain't health food!). The heat from the " berbere " a seasoning mix of spices based on  cayenne peppers . Made in the proportions below its most definitely hot, but nothing someone who can handle jalapeños can't handle. The heat and spiciness could be handled by reducing the amount of  berbere  or even better making the  berbere  with a lesser amount of  Cayenne  so you retain the other spices. The effect is kinda off in the general direction of a Mexican Mole. You mop it up with Injera, a flat bread. I'm using pita bread and  flour  tortillas instead. Not sure how acceptable that is, but I didn't feel like making Injera. Will post a recipe for Injera tomorrow.
 If you haven't tasted Ethiopian food, you'll be surprised at the unique flavor of Doro Wat. Even if you have a chance to sample it at one of the growing numbers of Ethiopian restaurants in large cities.
 It's a dish worth trying at home. To eat it the Ethiopian way, pass around a tray of injera (flat bread), and place a large platter of wat in the center of the table so everyone can reach it. Tear off pieces of injera with your right hand. Fold the bread around bits of stew and eat, without touching you fingers to either the stew or your mouth (a trick that requires practice!).
 
 Makes 8 to 10 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 to 3 lbs  chicken 
 9 oz  tomato paste 
 3 stick  butter 
 10 hard boiled  eggs  slightly scored 
 3 lbs  onion  fine chopped 
 2 large cloves  garlic  minced (or 2 tsp. powder) 
 1 tsp ground  black pepper 
 3 heaping tbsp  berbere 
 Directions : 
 Remove skin from the  chicken  and score each piece slightly with a knife so the sauce can penetrate. 
 In a large stew pot, melt the  butter , then saute the  onions  and  garlic  for five minutes. 
 Add  berbere , followed by  tomato  paste, stirring occasionally while the mixture simmers about 15 minutes. 
 A piece at a time, stir in the  chicken , coating well with the sauce. 
 Continue to simmer, adding enough  water  to maintain the consistency of a thick soup. 
 When  chicken  is half done, after about 20 minutes, put in the hard boiled  eggs . 
 Cover and continue cooking until the  chicken  is tender. 
 The dish is ready when the  oil  has risen to the top. 
 Add  black pepper  and let sit until slightly cooled. 
 Serve with injera. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ethiopian Meat Dishes, Stew Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Onion Recipes, Berbere Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category