Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Butternut_Squash_Soup_with_Toasted_Sage_and_Herbed_Croutons


 
 Ingredients : 
 3 medium or 2 large  butternut   or   acorn squash  (4 lbs.) 
 2 (14-oz.) cans  vegetable broth  (1 qt.) 
 1 tsp  coarse salt 
 ¼ tsp ground  white pepper 
 4 Tbsp extra-virgin  olive oil   or  3 Tbsp  vegetable oil  + 1 Tbsp  walnut oil 
 24 fresh small  sage  leaves 
 4 slices firm-textured white bread 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 400°F. Cut  squash  in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds; save seeds for toasting if desired (see above). Place  squash  halves cut side down on large baking sheet with sides. Bake until skins are browned and  squash  is tender, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let cool slightly. 
 Scoop cooked  squash  from skins and transfer to large saucepan. Mash well with  Potato  masher, then stir in broth and 2 cups  water . Bring to a simmer over medium-low heat, stirring often. Season with  salt  and  pepper  and remove from heat. Soup should be as thick as  tomato sauce –add up to 1 cup more  water  to thin if necessary. If you prefer a finer texture, cool slightly then puree soup in a blender or food processor. Let cool completely, transfer to container with lid and refrigerate at least 8 hours. 
 Up to 4 hours before serving, heat 3 tablespoons  oil  in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add  sage  leaves and cook until lightly browned, turning once, about 1 minute. Using tongs, transfer  sage  to paper towels to drain. Reserve  oil  in skillet. 
 Trim crusts from bread, discarding crusts. Cut each bread slice diagonally into 4 triangles, then cut each triangle in half to make 32 croutons total. 
 Heat reserved  oil  in skillet over medium heat. Add half the croutons and cook, turning once, until golden on both sides, about 1 minute. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon  oil  in skillet and cook remaining croutons as before. 
 Rewarm soup over low heat, stirring occasionally. Ladle soup into bowls and scatter 3 toasted  sage  leaves over each portion. Garnish each with 4 croutons and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Soup Recipes, Butternut squash Soup Recipes, Acorn squash Soup Recipes, Add category