Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Artichoke_Risotto


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 6 medium  artichoke  hearts, thinly sliced (you can use frozen) 
 5 to 6 cups  chicken broth  and  water , half of each 
 3/4 cup dry  white wine 
 2  Shallots , finely chopped OR 1 small  Onion  finely chopped 
 1 clove  garlic  finely chopped 
 1 1/2 t  oregano , leaves only, chopped, or 2 T fresh  parsley , finely chopped 
 3 T  olive oil  or 3 T  butter  or mix 
 2 cupsArboriorice 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper 
 1 cup freshly grated  Parmesan cheese , or half Parmesan half 1 cup freshly grated  Parmesan cheese , or half Parmesan half 
 pecorino  Cheese , plus extra to pass at table 
 
 
 Directions : 
 SLICE the artichokes thinly (bite-size slivers). 
 IN a large, heavy saucepan with a handle (lots of stirring), sauté the  shallot  or  Onion ,  garlic ,  oregano  or  parsley  in the  olive oil  over medium heat until translucent - a few minutes on medium heat. 
 ADD the  artichoke  and cook for about 10 minutes on low-medium heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon and adding a few tablespoons of  water  to avoid drying out. 
 ADD the  rice , cook 2 or 3 minutes, till nicely coated with liquid from the pan. 
 ADD wine and simmer, stirring frequently, till absorbed by  rice . 
 SEASON with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 HEAT the broth/ water  in a separate saucepan or the microwave (just under a simmer). 
 START adding the stock 1/2 cup at a time as per instructions for risotto, remembering to stir quite frequently.  rice  should cook at a steady slow simmer, bubbling lightly. 
 TASTE the  rice  after it has cooked for about 20 to 25 minutes, if you feel it needs more cooking add more liquid and continue to cook to your taste (up to 40 minutes. 
 THE  rice  can be slightly al dente, with a very slight bite to it, with the  grains  separate, and the  rice  creamy. 
 Remember that it will cook just a bit more as you let it rest after adding the  Cheese . Bear in mind that different brands and qualities of  rice  will need more or less liquid. 
 REMOVE  rice  from heat, add the  Cheese , mix well. Cover and let sit for a minute or two. 
 SERVE onto pre-heated plates passing more  Cheese  at table. 
 
 
 
Categories: Artichoke Recipes, Cereals Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Fijian Appetizers, Fijian Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Add category