Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Low-carb_Double-chocolate_Walnut_Brownies

Description : 
 Recipe courtesy George Stella
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ tablespoons wheat  bran , or  oat bran 
 1¼ cups + ½ tablespoon  soy flour 
 4 ounces  unsweetened baking chocolate 
 ½ cup  unsalted butter 
 2 cups  sugar substitute  (recommended: Splenda) 
 ½ cup  heavy cream 
 5 large  eggs 
 1 tablespoon no sugar added  vanilla extract 
 2 teaspoons  baking powder 
 ½ cup chopped  walnuts 
 Low-carb Chocolate Frosting : 
 3 tablespoons  unsalted butter , softened (not melted) 
 5 tablespoons unsweetened  cocoa powder 
 1 cup  sugar substitute  (recommended: Splenda) 
 ⅓ cup  heavy cream 
 1 teaspoon no sugar added  vanilla extract 
 few drops hot water, as needed, to thin consistency 
 Special Equipment : 
 8-inch square baking pan 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 325 degrees f. 
 Spray pan with nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray. 
 Set aside. 
 Mix wheat bran and ½ tablespoon soy flour together and sprinkle evenly over the inside of the greased pan, also coating the sides. 
 Place the unsweetened chocolate and butter in a steel bowl and melt over a saucepan of simmering water. 
 Whisk in 1 cup sugar substitute and ¼ cup heavy cream. 
 Once thoroughly blended, turn off heat and keep warm until needed. 
 With an electric mixer on high, beat the eggs, 1 cup sugar substitute and the vanilla extract just until blended. 
 Reduce to low speed and then blend in the chocolate mixture. 
 With a wooden spoon, mix in the baking powder, 1¼ cups soy flour, walnuts, and ¼ cup heavy cream. 
 Spread evenly into the prepared pan and bake on the center rack for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean (do not over-bake or brownies will be dry and hard) 
 Cool completely before frosting with  Low-carb Chocolate Frosting . 
 Cut into 5 rows by 5 rows to make 25 pieces. 
 Low-carb Chocolate Frosting : 
 Place all ingredients in a medium bowl and whisk until well combined. 
 Use to frost brownies, but make sure brownies are completely cooled, or the butter in the frosting will melt. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 Calories 152 | Fat 14g | Saturated Fat 7g | Carbohydrates 6g  | Fiber 2g | Net Carbohydrates 4g 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Brownie Recipes, Bran Recipes, Oat bran Recipes, Soy flour Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Egg Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Add category