Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chinese_Egg_Rolls


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 package  egg  roll wrappers (4 1/2" by 5 1/2") 
Filling: 
1 pound fresh  Pork  (or barbecued  Pork ) 
1 medium  Onion  (sliced) 
2 stalks  celery , cut diagonally 
1/2 pound fresh  Mushrooms , sliced 
6  water chestnuts  (fresh if possible), sliced 
1/2 pound suey choy ( napa cabbage ), sliced thinly, 1 inch lengthwise 
2  green onions , diced 
1 pound fresh  bean sprouts 
 Pork  Seasoning: 
1 teaspoon soy sauce 
1 teaspoon oyster sauce 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
a bit (less than 1 teaspoon)  cornstarch 
Gravy: 
4 tablespoons  water 
1 tablespoon  cornstarch 
1/2 teaspoon soy sauce 
2 teaspoons oyster sauce 
 salt ,  pepper , accent (if desired) to taste 
2 tablespoons  cornstarch  mixed with 2 teaspoons cold  water * 
2 tablespoons  oil  for stir-frying 
2 to 4 cups  oil  for deep-frying
 
 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Mix seasoning ingredients together. Cut the  Pork  into thin strips, add the seasonings and marinate the  Pork  for between 10 and 15 minutes. 
 While the  Pork  is marinating, prepare the vegetables, and the gravy 
mixture. 
 Heat the wok over medium-high to high heat. Add the  oil  for stir-fying. When the  oil  is iready, add the  celery  and  Onion  and stir-fry.
 Taste and add  salt  and  Sugar  if desired. Remove from the wok. Add the  Pork  to the wok and cook until well done (place cover on wok). Remove. Clean the wok and stir-fry separately the  Mushrooms ,  water chestnuts , and  bean sprouts . Check the seasoning while stir-frying the  bean sprouts  and add  salt  and/or  Sugar  as desired. Stir-fry the suey choy, covering and cooking for approximately 1 minute, again adding  salt  and/or  Sugar  if desired. 
 Combine all the ingredients in the wok. If necessary, drain some of the juice from the vegetables out.
 Add the gravy, pushing the vegetables up against the sides of the wok to form a well in the middle for the gravy, and stir to thicken. Mix 
thoroughly. Add  green onion . Set the filling aside to allow to cool before wrapping.
 Wrapping: Mix the  cornstarch  and  water , slowly adding the  water  to the 
 cornstarch  until you have a "glue" which will be used to seal the wrappers.
 To wrap, lay the  egg  roll wrapper out with the short (4 1/2") side directly in front of you. This will be the dry side. The two long sides will be called sides 1 and 3, and the other short side directly across from you will be called side 2. Place approximately 1 tablespoon of filling in the middle of the wrapper, spreading it out but not getting too close to the edges. Using your fingertip, spread a bit of the  cornstarch / water  glue along edges 1, 2, and 3. Fold over the dry side, then take side 2 and fold it over, making sure the two sides overlap. Press down firmly on sides 1 and 3, making sure they are well sealed.
 Deep-frying: When  oil  is ready, slide each  egg  roll carefully into the wok one at a time. Deep-fry until they are golden brown, then drain on deep-fry rack or paper towels. Keep on a tray lined with fresh paper towels until needed. The  egg  rolls should not be stacked. If possible do not reheat in the oven, as this can dry the eggrolls out, but if necessary, reheat them on low heat for 10 minutes on each side.
 Serve with Sweet and Sour Dipping Sauce.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: American Chinese Appetizers, American Chinese Recipes, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Shallot Recipes, Water chestnut Recipes, Add category