Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Red_Velvet_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   For the Cream Cheese Frosting: 
 
 
 2   Instructions 
 
 2.1   For the frosting: 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour 
 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder 
 1 teaspoon baking soda 
 3/4 teaspoon salt 
 2 cups granulated sugar 
 3/4 cup unsalted butter , room temperature 
 1/3 cup oil , vegetable or canola oil 
 3 large eggs 
 2 large egg yolks 
 1 Tablespoon vanilla extract 
 1 1/2 teaspoons vinegar 
 1 ounce liquid red food coloring 
 1 1/3 cups  buttermilk 
 1 1/2 cups chocolate chips , optional 
 For the Cream Cheese Frosting: : 
 12 ounces cream cheese , room temperature 
 1/4 cup butter , room temperature (salted or unsalted) 
 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract 
 2 1/2 - 3 cups powdered sugar, to taste 
 Instructions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the bundt pan (see my tips above) and set aside.  
 To a mixing bowl add flour, baking soda, salt and cocoa powder and whisk well to combine.  
 In another bowl add the sugar and butter and cream together with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, 4-5 minutes.  
 Add oil and mix. Add eggs and yolks, one at a time, mixing after each addition. Add vanilla, vinegar and red food coloring. 
 Add about 1/3 of the flour mixture and stir to combine. Add half of the buttermilk and stir to combine. Repeat, alternately adding the flour and then buttermilk, ending with flour.  
 Fold in chocolate chips, if using.  
 Pour batter into prepared bundt pan and smooth into an even layer. Bake in preheated oven for 40-55 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. 
 Cool in cake pan for 10 minutes and then invert onto a wire cooling rack to cool completely.  
 For the frosting: : 
 Beat cream cheese and butter together until smooth.  Add vanilla. Add powdered sugar, one cup at a time, until frosting has the consistency and taste you desire.  
 Frosting can be made days in advance. Refrigerate in an airtight container, or freeze.  
 
 
 
Categories: Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Butter Recipes, Canola oil Recipes, Vegetable Oil Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Food coloring Recipes, Buttermilk Recipes, Chocolate chip Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Powdered Sugar Recipes, Add category