Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Garlic_Lover%27s_Lentil_Soup

Description : 
 Serves 6 – 8
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tbsp  broth  or  water 
 ¼ cup coarsely chopped  garlic 
 2 cup thinly sliced  leeks  (white and light green parts) or coarsely chopped  onions 
 2 large  carrots , halved lengthwise and cut into ¼-inch slices 
 2 large  celery  ribs, diced 
 ½ lbs fresh  mushrooms , halved (if small) or quartered 
 2 cup dried  lentils , picked over and rinsed 
 6 cup boiling  water 
 1¼ tsp dried  rosemary  leaves 
 1 tsp dried  thyme  or  marjoram  leaves 
 2 large  bay leaves 
 ¼ tsp  crushed red pepper  flakes 
 2 large  red bell peppers , roasted, seeded, and diced 
 ½ to ¾ cup minced fresh  parsley 
 2 to 3 teaspoons  balsamic vinegar 
 salt  and freshly ground 
 pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Heat broth in pressure cooker over medium-high heat. 
 Add  garlic , stirring continually, adding more  water  if necessary to keep from burning. 
 After a minute or two, add  leeks  and continue cooking, still stirring for another minute. 
 Add the  carrots ,  celery ,  mushrooms ,  Lentils , boiling  water ,  rosemary ,  thyme ,  bay leaves , and  red pepper flakes . 
 Lock lid in place. Over high heat, bring to a high pressure. 
 Lower the heat just enough to maintain high pressure and cook for 7 minutes. 
 Allow the pressure to come down naturally or use a quick-release method. 
 Remove the lid, tilting it away from you to allow any excess steam to escape. 
 If the  lentils  are not quite tender, either return to high pressure for a few more minutes or replace (but do not lock) the lid and simmer until the  lentils  are done. 
 Remove the  bay leaves . Stir in the roasted  red bell peppers ,  parsley , just enough  vinegar  to bring up the flavors, and  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 
 
 
Categories: Better Digestion Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Leek Recipes, Lentil Soup Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Celery Recipes, Add category