Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gratin_de_Cardons

Ingredients : 
 Cardoons : 
 2 to 3  cardoon  heads, about 4 lbs 
 1 whole  lemon 
 large piece stale  bread 
 4 to 5 tbsp  vinegar 
 Court Bouillon : 
 4 qt.  water 
 1 large  onion , finely sliced 
 2 to 3  bay leaves 
 1 large sprig  thyme 
 1½ tbsp  wine vinegar 
 salt  to taste 
 Béchamel : 
 3 tbsp  unsalted butter  plus extra for topping 
 1  onion , diced 
 4 tbsp  all-purpose flour 
 4 cups whole  milk 
 1 whole  clove 
 ½ tsp  granulated sugar 
 1  bouquet garni 
 2 tbsp  heavy cream , optional 
 pinch ground  nutmeg 
 salt  to taste 
 6 tbsp freshly grated  Parmesan cheese 
 Directions : 
 Cardoons : 
 Cut off bases, and discard tough outer stems. 
 Trim remaining stems, removing strings, leaves and prickles. 
 Quarter hearts lengthwise. 
 Wash and slice stems into 3- to 4-inch pieces, and rub with  lemon  to prevent discoloration. 
 Court Bouillon : 
 Combine ingredients in stockpot over medium heat, and bring to a boil. 
 Place  cardoon  stems and hearts in pan with crusty stale bread to help remove bitterness of cardoons. 
 Cook 15 to 20 minutes, remove from heat and cool. 
 When cool enough to handle, lift edge of each piece with paring knife, and peel off skin. 
 Trim away toughest fibrous strings down to tender stems. 
 Soak trimmed  cardoon  pieces in  water  to cover with several tablespoons  vinegar  until ready to use. 
 Béchamel : 
 Melt  butter  in heavy saucepan over low heat. 
 Add  onion , and cook until pale golden. 
 Add  flour , and stir well, about 1 minute. 
 Slowly add 1 cup  milk , stirring constantly, and continue cooking 35 minutes more. 
 When sauce thickens, slowly add more  milk  until all  milk  is used up. 
 Add clove,  sugar  and  bouquet garni . 
 Continue to cook 1½ hours, stirring and scraping occasionally. 
 Whisk sauce, and strain, removing  bouquet garni  and clove. 
 Add  heavy cream , if desired, and a pinch  nutmeg  and  salt  to taste. 
 Preheat oven to 450°F. 
 Lightly  butter  ovenproof baking dish. 
 Assembly : 
 Place cardoons in baking dish. 
 Add béchamel to cover evenly. 
 Sprinkle uniformly with freshly grated  Parmesan cheese  and small pieces of  butter  for topping. 
 Bake 5 to 10 minutes, or until golden. 
 Remove from oven, and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Casserole Recipes, Cardoon Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Onion Recipes, Lemon Recipes, Add category