Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Country_Beef_and_Pork_Pie

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 Purchased from the Young Estate in Sparks, Nevada in 1990. The notation on card indicates this is a depression day recipe, but exact date and source unknown.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons extra virgin  olive oil 
 1 white  Onion , finely chopped 
 2 finely chopped  garlic  cloves 
 12 ounces shredded brisket 
 12 ounces shredded  Pork 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 cloves 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 1/3 cup  white wine 
 1/3 cup  water 
 1 tablespoon  tomato  puree 
 1 cup  rice 
 1 tablespoon finely chopped  parsley 
 2 well beaten  eggs 
 4 ounces finely crumbled  feta   Cheese 
 2 ounces grated  Gruyere   Cheese 
 1 large pie crust for 2 crusted pie 
 Dot of  butter 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  olive oil  in a pan and sauté the  Onion ,  garlic ,  Beef  and  Pork . 
 Add the  pepper , cloves and  cinnamon . Stir for 2 minutes. 
 Add wine,  water  and  tomato  puree. 
 And stir for 1 – 2 minutes and scald the contents of the pan with the wine. 
 Add a little  water  and the  tomato  puree. Let simmer for 30 minutes. 
 Add  rice ,  parsley ,  eggs  and cheeses, mixing well with a wooden spoon. 
 Let simmer in pan for 30 minutes. 
 Remove the pan from the flame. 
 butter  a large pie tin and place half the pastry on the bottom making sure a little of the pastry hangs over the sides. 
 Empty the pie filling onto the base pastry and cover it with the remaining half of the crust. 
 Wet the edges of the pastry and press them together so they stick and roll them over into a tube like design on the pie (so the steam of the pie filling doesn't escape). 
 Brush the top pastry with a little melted  butter  and puncture it in even various places with a fork. 
 Bake the pie in a 350 oven for 1 hour. 
 Contributed by : 
 Cat's Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Gruyère Recipes, Rice Recipes, Beef Recipes, Pork Recipes, Feta Recipes, White wine Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Add category