Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Asopao

Ingredients : 
 1 package of boneless  dried codfish 
 1 half cup of  sofrito 
 1 x 8 ounce can of  tomato sauce 
 7 tablespoons of  tomato paste 
 2 quarts of cold  water 
 1 small jar of  green olives  (For this dish I prefer the ones with the pit they seem to hold up better.) 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste (Please don't add the  salt  until almost the end because the fish is salty enough) 
 3 to 4 tablespoons of  olive oil 
 1 cup of  long-grain rice  (More or less depending on how thick you want the asopao.) 
 1 tablespoon of  oregano  (More or less depending on your taste.) 
 Directions : 
 Remove  codfish  from package and rinse under cold  water  for a few minutes. 
 Place in a large covered bowl covered with cold  water  and leave over night. 
 When you are ready to prepare the dish rinse the  codfish  under cold  water  once more and set aside. 
 In a large heavy pot add  olive oil  and bring up to heat. 
 When you see the  oil  start to smoke add the sofrito and stir, add  tomato  paste and  oregano  stir once again. 
 When the mixture starts to bubble add  tomato  sauce and stir. 
 It is very important that you stir the mixture when adding the ingredients so that it does not burn. 
 Next add the and then the  codfish  making sure to flake it. 
 Now add  water  and bring to a boil. 
 Once it comes to a boil lower the flame and allow it to simmer. 
 This would be a good time to taste and adjust as needed. 
 If you find that it has sufficient  salt  just add  pepper . 
 Check that you have enough liquid if not you can add more don't worry remember this going to be a soup. 
 At this point you can add the  rice  and bring up the heat until it starts to boil. 
 Now lower the heat and let simmer. 
 You will know it is done when you see that the  rice  is nice and soft. 
 If you find that it is too thick you add a can of  chicken broth . 
 
 
 
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Puerto Rican Soups, Recipes that need photos, Salt cod Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Add category