Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sweet_bean


 Browse All Sweet bean Recipes   
       Sweet bean     
 Contents 
 
 1   Name Variations 
 2   About Sweet bean 
 3   Availability 
 4   Preparation 
 5   Sweet bean Recipes 
 6   Source 
 
 
 Name Variations : 
 edamame 
 sweet bean 
 vegetable soybean 
 beer bean 
 edible soybean 
 garden soybean 
 immature soybean 
 green soybean 
 About Sweet bean : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Sweet been on Wikipedia 
 A pea is the small, edible round green bean which grows in a pod on the leguminous vine Pisum sativum. This legume is cooked as a vegetable in many cultures. Several other seeds of the family Fabaceae, most of them round, are also called peas; this article deals with the species Pisum sativum and its cultivars. The pea plant is an annual plant, with a lifecycle of a year.
 Edamame is of Chinese origin and was developed in Japan especially for eating out of the pod. Edamame is a variation on the same yellow and black field  soybean  that is transformed into many popular soy products such as tofu, miso, and  soymilk . However, because of its recent introduction into the U.S. market, only a small percentage of U.S. soybean fields are devoted to growing edamame.
 Some call edamame the super or wonder vegetable because it is the only vegetable that contains all nine essential amino acids. This makes edamame a complete protein source, similar to meat or  eggs . Edamame also contains isoflavonoids. They are found in all soy products and are being studied for their health benefits.
 
 Availability : 
 Edamame is rarely sold fresh, but is available frozen all year.
 
 Preparation : 
 To eat beans right out of the shell, boil them until they are al dente (still slightly firm). Rinse to cool slightly, and season as desired. You can easily suck the al dente beans out of the shell. Beans may also be shelled and added to other dishes, such as salads. Beans are easy to shell after they are boiled briefly.
 
 Sweet bean Recipes : 
 Source : 
 Vegetable of the Month: Fresh Beans  by the US Centers for Disease Control & Prevention, public domain government resource -- original source of article 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/e/e1/Peas.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20080516004332']
Categories: Fresh beans, Add category