Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Leek_and_Bacon_Quiche

Description : 
 This recipe came from an estate sale. I obtained it when I purchased the family collection from the Hager Estate in Canton, Texas in 1982.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 1⅓ cups  flour 
 ½ cup cold  unsalted butter  cut into ½ inch cubes 
 1  egg 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 2 tablespoons iced  water 
 Custard : 
 ½ pound slab  bacon  cut into ½ inch cubes 
 2  leeks  white and light green parts chopped 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 ⅛ teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 tablespoon  Dijon mustard 
 3  eggs 
 1½ cups  milk 
 ¼ pound  gruyère  cheese grated 
 Directions : 
 Crust : 
 In a large bowl combine  flour  with  butter ,  egg ,  salt  and 1 tablespoon of the  water  then mix lightly with fingertips until pastry forms pea sized pieces. 
 Turn pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface and dust with  flour  then knead until pastry is smooth. 
 Transfer to a plastic bag and form pastry into a disk and refrigerate 1 hour. 
 Cook bacon in a skillet over low heat until tender but not crisp. 
 Add leeks,  salt  and  pepper  then sauté until  leeks  are soft and  bacon  is crisp. 
 Preheat oven to 375°F and arrange rack in middle of oven. 
 On a generously floured surface roll pastry from center out lifting pastry turning slightly and occasionally flipping to prevent sticking. 
 Roll pastry to ⅛ inch thickness. 
 Lightly  butter  and  flour  a pie pan and line with pastry leaving about ¼-inch overhang for shrinkage. 
 Pinch up excess pastry to form a rim and flute the edges. 
 Prick bottom all over with a fork then line pastry with a sheet of parchment or aluminum foil larger than the pan and fill with pie weights and bake for 20 minutes until the edges begin to color. 
 Remove weights and spread mustard over bottom of pastry. 
 Lower oven temperature to 325°F. 
 Custard : 
 In a bowl beat  eggs  lightly with  milk . 
 Stir in  bacon  and  cheese  mixture. 
 Pour custard into pie shell to within ¼-inch of the top of the crust and bake 30 minutes. 
 Allow to cool 10 minutes before serving. 
 Serve warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Quiche Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Leek Recipes, Gruyère Recipes, Add category