Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Brandied_Fruit_Cakes

Description : 
 I take the whole amount of fruit (10 cups) and make a nice looking mixture. I don't necessarily use the amounts shown. If the  candied fruit  is on sale, i just use more of it than the  raisins . I still end up with the 10 cups, but it is usually more of the fruit mix and  candied pineapple . The  almonds  I use are the slivered ones. Easier to work with. The original recipe called for  brandy  or  grape juice , but I found that if you substitute the  orange juice  concentrate, it has a nicer flavour.
 I have never had this recipe fail me. I am asked for it by most of my family members as I send them for presents at Christmas. I have tried other recipes, but this one has the moistest results I have found.
 
 Ingredients : 
 4½ cups  raisins 
 2¼ cups  currants 
 ½ lbs soft  butter   or   margarine 
 ½ lbs soft  shortening 
 2 cups  sugar 
 1 tbsp  vanilla extract 
 1 tbsp  almond extract 
 12  eggs 
 1 cup  orange juice  concentrate (not thawed) 
 ½ cup  honey 
 4½ cups unsifted  all purpose flour 
 2 tsp  baking powder 
 1 tsp  baking soda 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  nutmeg 
 ½ tsp  cloves  (ground) 
 1 cup pitted  dates , cut up 
 2¼ cups  candied cherries 
 1 cup  blanched almonds , halved 
 Directions : 
 Use 2 tube pans 10x4 each, or 5 loaf pans. 
 Line pans with 2-3 thicknesses of brown paper or 1 thickness of heavy foil; grease well with unsalted  shortening . 
 I use  lard  to grease and don't need to line with paper. 
 Wash  raisins  and  currants  and dry thoroughly between paper towels. 
 Beat  butter  and shortening together very thoroughly; when smooth and fluffy, add  sugar  gradually, beating continuously. 
 Blend in  vanilla  and  almond extract . 
 Add  eggs , one at a time, beating after each addition. 
 Beat in  orange juice  and honey. 
 This may cause the batter to appear separated, but it will not affect results. 
 Sift together remaining dry ingredients. 
 Mix prepared fruits and  almonds  in large mixing bowl; add sifted dry ingredients, and mix well to coat pieces. 
 Scrape  egg  and  butter  mixture into bowl, and, using hands, combine very thoroughly. 
 Fill each pan ¾ full. 
 Preheat oven to 275°F. 
 Bake cakes 1½ to 3½ hours, depending on size of pans used. 
 After first hour or so, place pan of  water  on bottom of oven to prevent cakes from drying out. 
 When cakes test done, remove from oven, and let pans stand on racks until cakes are completely cooled. 
 Remove from pans, and peel of paper linings. 
 Let ripen 4 – 5 weeks before serving. 
 This recipe makes dark moist cake, rich with fruits and mingled flavors of spices, honey, and the like. 
 If desired, recipe may be halved with good results. 
 When they come out of the oven, i let them sit for a few minutes and then take them out of the pans while still fairly hot. 
 Let them cool for maybe 15-20 minutes and then pack them while still warm. 
 I pour ¼ to ½ cup  brandy  ( apricot ,  orange , or  cherry ) onto the cakes, wrap in double thickness of handy wrap, then wrap in tin foil securely. 
 I then store them in the basement where it is cool and every couple of days i turn them to make sure that the  brandy  diffuses throughout the whole cake. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Apricot Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Candied pineapple Recipes, Christmas fruitcake Recipes, Currant Recipes, Dates Recipes, Glace cherry Recipes, Grape juice Recipes, Add category