Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Acorn_Squash_with_Sun-dried_Tomato_Polenta#See_also


 
 Ingredients : 
 2 small  acorn squash  (1 to 1½ lbs each) 
 about 2 oz or 15  sun-dried tomatoes 
 ¼ cup  pine nuts 
 3 to 4 cloves  garlic , minced or pressed 
 ½ cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 ¼ cup + 2 Tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 2½ cups  vegetable stock 
 ½ heaping tsp.  salt 
 ½ cup coarse-ground  polenta 
 2 to 3 Tbsp shredded  Parmesan 
 cheese 
 paprika  for garnish 
 2 Tbsp chopped  parsley 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. Line sheet pan with parchment paper, and spray liberally with nonstick  vegetable oil . 
 Cut squashes in half crosswise, and scoop out seeds and a little extra flesh. 
 Cook, face down on parchment paper, about 45 minutes, or until sharp knife easily penetrates outside skin and rim of flesh is lightly browned. 
 Meanwhile, in small bowl, soak  tomatoes  in very hot  water  to cover for 15 to 20 minutes. When soft, coarsely chop and set aside. 
 On small sheet pan or in baking dish, toast  pine nuts  in oven for about 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Remove and set aside. 
 Pesto : 
 In food processor, add  pine nuts ,  garlic ,  sun-dried tomatoes  and grated  Parmesan cheese . 
 Start machine and, as blade is turning, pour  olive oil  through shoot. Blend into smooth paste. 
 Set aside in small bowl. (Use same bowl, rinsed and dried, used for soaking  tomatoes ). 
 Polenta : 
 Bring stock to a boil in medium to heavy saucepan. Add  salt , keeping  water  boiling at medium-high heat. 
 Add polenta gradually, either slowly from measuring cup or letting a fistful run through nearly closed fingers, constantly stirring with long-handled whisk. When all polenta is added, reduce heat to medium-low, and cook gently. 
 Continue stirring, switching to long-handled wooden spoon. To avoid burning or sticking, use heat-diffusing device. 
 Stir continuously and thoroughly, bringing mixture up from bottom and loosening from sides. (Make sure sides are scooped clean.) 
 Continue to stir for about 20 minutes, or until polenta is creamy and pulls away from sides of pan. Turn off heat, and stir in  sun-dried tomato  pesto. 
 Remove  squash  from oven. Spoon  tomato  mixture into  squash  “bowls.” Top with shredded Parmesan, dust with  paprika  and garnish with  parsley . 
 Note : 
 For a faster dish, substitute store-bought  sun-dried tomato  pesto, which won’t be as fresh or as satisfying. However, making your own is easy. You can prepare the whole dish ahead, minus garnishes. Refrigerate, reheat until hot and garnish with shredded  cheese ,  paprika  and  parsley . If squashes are particularly misshapen, trim ridged edges so they will stand up straight without rolling over.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Acorn squash Side Dish Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Polenta Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category