Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fresh_Spring_Rolls_with_Shrimp


 
 Description : 
 This is a must-try recipe, although it requires good cooking skills; it's all the way worth it and very tasty for anyone who likes shrimps prepared with the best ingredients. Instead of being fried, like Chinese  egg  rolls, these appetizers are served fresh, letting the textures and flavors of the vegetable and  shrimp  then filling shine through. Serve with the easy dipping sauce.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the spring roll base : 
 2 cups  water 
 8 large  shrimp , peeled and deveined 
 chopped fresh  cilantro  or fresh coriander 
 4  rice paper , rounds 8 inches in diameter 
 4 large fresh  basil  leaves, halved lengthwise 
 1 ¾ cup bean sprouts 
 1 ⅜ bean thread noodles 
 Sauce : 
 2 tablespoons  hoisin sauce 
 fresh  lime juice 
 1 ½ teaspoon  fish sauce 
 1 ½ teaspoon unsalted and/or sugar-free, natural-style  peanut butter 
 ¼ teaspoon  red pepper flakes 
 1 pinch  brown sugar 
 Directions : 
 In a saucepan, bring (or add) the 2 cups  water  to a boil. 
 Add the  shrimp  and immediately remove the saucepan from the heat. 
 Cover and poach until pink and opaque throughout, about 3 minutes. 
 With a slotted spoon, transfer the  shrimp  to a bowl of  ice   water  and let cool for 3 minutes. 
 Drain and cut each  shrimp  in half lengthwise. Refrigerate until ready to use. 
 In a heatproof bowl, combine the noodles and boiling  water  and soak for 10 minutes. 
 Drain and return the noodles to the bowl. 
 Add the  carrot ,  cucumber ,  cabbage , bean spouts and  cilantro . Toss gently to mix. 
 Place a double thickness of paper towels on a work surface. 
 Fill a large, shallow baking dish with  water . Place 1 rice-paper round in the  water  and soak until pliable, about 30 seconds. 
 Carefully transfer the wrapper to the paper towels and turn once to blot dry. 
 Arrange ½ cup of the noodle mixture on the bottom half of the wrapper. 
 Fold the bottom edge toward the center and roll up the wrapper halfway, making sure to wrap tightly around the filling. Tuck 2  basil  leaf halves along the inside crease of the half-rolled wrapper. 
 Arrange 4 pieces of the  shrimp , cut sides up, along the crease. 
 Fold the right and left edges of the wrapper over the filling and finish rolling up. 
 Repeat with the remaining wrappers, filling,  basil  and  shrimp . Transfer the rolls to a plate and cover with dampened paper towels. 
 Sauce : 
 Combine the hoisin sauce,  green onion ,  lime juice , fish sauce,  peanut butter ,  red pepper flakes , and  brown sugar  in a small bowl. 
 Stir until well blended. 
 To serve, cut the rolls in half on the diagonal and place on small individual plates. Pool the sauce alongside each roll. 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Bean thread Recipes, Canadian Appetizers, Carrot Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Herb Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Appetizer Recipes, Vegetarian appetizer Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, World Recipes, Seafood Recipes, Main Dish Seafood Recipes, Canadian Recipes, American Recipes, American Appetizers, Shrimp Recipes, North American Recipes, North American Appetizers, Add category