Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lis-san_el_Qua-thi

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Stuffing 
 2.2   Sauce 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 
 Description : 
 Eggplant-wrapped meat
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large eggplants 
 ½ - 1 cup corn oil (if frying eggplant) 
 Stuffing : 
 2 lbs lean ground meat 
 1 medium onion (1 cup) finely minced 
 1 tsp salt 
 ¼ tsp black pepper 
 Sauce : 
 2 tbsp corn oil 
 1 large onion diced 
 1 large tomato sliced (optional) 
 1 large tomato peeled and chopped 
 14 oz tomato sauce 
 1 cup beef or chicken stock 
 ½ cup lemon juice 
 1 tsp salt 
 ½ tsp pepper 
 1 tsp turmeric 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Peel eggplant, trim off the top and bottom. Stand eggplant up on cutting board and slice vertically, ⅛" thin. Sprinkle generously with salt, place in a strainer for about 1 hour. Rinse off the salt and strain eggplant to dry. Heat about 4 tbsp corn oil in a frying pan and fry the eggplant slices in batches, turning once to brown both sides. Be careful not to burn. Add more  oil  as needed. Drain cooked eggplant slices on paper towels. Low fat alternative: place eggplant slices on baking sheets lined with foil and brushed with corn oil. Bake in the oven at 350 degrees for approximately 20 – 30 minutes until brown, turning the eggplant halfway. Mix together the ground meat, onion, salt and pepper. Divide the meat into sausage shaped portions 1" thick and 2" long. Place a portion of the meat stuffing at one end of an eggplant slice and begin wrapping the eggplant around it. Place the rolls in a baking dish and layer the tomato slices on top (optional). In a saucepan heat 2 tbsp  oil  and saute the diced onions. When soft add the chopped tomatoes, salt, pepper and turmeric. Add tomato sauce, beef or chicken stock and lemon juice to taste. Cover and simmer 15 minutes. Pour the sauce over the rolls in the baking dish, cover with aluminum paper and bake for 1 hour (or until done) at 450°F. 
 
 
 
Categories: Iraqi Meat Dishes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category