Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bombay_Curried_Chicken

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes For Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Source: www.foodfit.com 
 This Recipe Serves: 4 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 large  yellow onion , sliced 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 medium  carrots , sliced 
 4 small  potatoes  or  turnips , cut into wedges 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 tbsp freshly grated  ginger 
 1 tbsp  curry powder 
 1 small  butternut squash , peeled, seeded and cubed 
 3 cups crushed canned  tomatoes 
 1 lb skinless, boneless  chicken breast , cut into 1-inch pieces 
 juice of 1  lemon 
 parsley  or  cilantro  sprigs for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  olive oil  in a large non-stick skillet over medium heat. 
 Add the  onion  and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion begins to wilt, about 3 minutes. 
 Turn the heat to high, add the  garlic ,  carrots  and potatoes or  turnips . 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to brown, about 5 minutes. 
 Stir in the  ginger  and  curry powder . 
 Add the butternut squash, canned  tomatoes  and  chicken  pieces and stir to combine. 
 Adjust the heat so that the mixture simmers slowly and place a lid, slightly ajar, over the skillet. 
 Simmer for 15 minutes or until the  chicken  is completely cooked. 
 Add the  lemon juice  and adjust the  salt  and  pepper  to taste (this can be made in advance and stored in the refrigerator for up to 3 days). 
 Serve in warm bowls garnished with  parsley  or cilantro sprigs. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (1 bowl with  chicken  and vegetables):
 
 330 Calories | 35g Carbs | 8g Fiber | 9g Fat | 31g Protein | 1g Saturated Fat | 281 mg Sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Indian Meat Dishes, Butternut squash Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Curry Recipes, Potato Recipes, Turnip Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Add category