Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Stew_New_Orleans-style

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Servings: 4 
 Ingredients : 
 1 bunch of  scallions , 6 to 8 
 2 ribs  celery 
 1 large  red bell pepper 
 4 skinless, boneless  chicken breast  halves 
 ¼ cup  flour 
 1 tsp  thyme 
 ⅛ tsp  cayenne  pepper 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 1 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced or crushed through a press 
 1 can (14 oz) stewed  tomatoes  with their juice (or diced tomatoes) 
 ¼ cup  chicken broth 
 3 drops  hot pepper sauce 
 1  bay leaf 
 ¼ lb  kielbasa  or other precooked garlic sausage 
 Directions : 
 Coarsely chop the scallions. 
 Dice the celery and bell pepper. 
 Cut the chicken into bite sized pieces in a plastic bag, combine flour, thyme and cayenne, and shake to mix. 
 Add chicken and shake to coat lightly. 
 Remove chicken and reserve excess flour mixture. 
 In a large skillet, warm 1 tbsp of the butter in the oil over medium high heat until the butter is melted. 
 Add the chicken and cook until it is browned all over, about 7 minutes. 
 Remove chicken to a plate and cover loosely to keep warm. 
 Add 1 remaining tbsp. 
 Butter to the skillet and heat until melted. 
 Add the garlic and the reserved dredging mixture. 
 Cook, stirring, until the flour is no longer visible, about 1 minute. 
 Add tomatoes and their juice, the chicken broth, scallions, celery, bell pepper, hot pepper sauce and bay leaf, and bring to a boil over medium-heat. 
 Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, dice the sausage. 
 Return the stew to a boil over medium-high heat. 
 Return the chicken (and any juices that have accumulated on the plate) to the skillet along with the sausage, and heat until the chicken is cooked through, about 3 minutes. 
 Remove the bay leaf before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Celery Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Stew Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category