Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fisherman%27s_Wharf_Cioppinio

Description : 
 Contributed by  PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 
 Pressure cooking time 6 minutes | Other cooking time: 5 minutes 
 Serves: 4 
 Ingredients : 
 12  mussels 
 2 large cloves  garlic 
 1 medium  onion , 5 – 6 oz 
 1 large stalk  celery 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 cup dry  white wine 
 3 medium  tomatoes , peeled and seeded 
 1 can (16 oz)  tomato sauce 
 1 bottle (8 oz)  clam juice 
 ½ tsp dried  thyme 
 ½ tsp dried  marjoram 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 ¼ tsp crushed  red pepper flakes 
 4 oz bay  scallops 
 12 large  shrimps , peeled 
 1 small  red pepper , diced fine 
 8 oz firm fleshed fish, like  red snapper , cut in 1¼ inch chunks 
 ½ cup minced fresh herbs, such as  parsley ,  cilantro , or  basil 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1 cup  water 
 Directions : 
 Pull the beards from the mussels. 
 Put the mussels in a bowl of cold salted water to soak while you proceed with the soup. 
 Discard any mussels that open during soaking. 
 Mince the garlic and onion. 
 Dice the celery. 
 Heat the oil in the pressure cooker. 
 Add garlic, onion and celery, and cook until they begin to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Add wine and boil over high heat for a minute. 
 Add water. 
 Dice the tomatoes and add them to the pressure cooker along with tomato sauce, clam juice, thyme, marjoram, sugar and red pepper flakes. 
 Close pressure cooker and bring up to full pressure. 
 Reduce heat to stabilize pressure and cook for 5 minutes. 
 Release pressure. 
 Drain the mussels well and put them in the pressure cooker along with the fish, scallops, shrimp and red pepper. 
 Close the pressure cooker and bring up to pressure for 1 minute. 
 Release pressure. 
 The mussels should be open and the fish should be opaque. 
 Stir in the minced herbs and season with salt and pepper to taste. 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Mussel Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, White wine Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Clam juice Recipes, Scallops Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Red snapper Recipes, Add category