Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cheese_Koftas


 
 Description : 
 Serves 4-6. 
 Ingredients : 
 For the koftas 
 1 quantity panir 
 30 g/1 oz/1/2 cup finely chopped fresh coriander 
 2 tablespoons chopped Sultanas 
 2 tablespoons chopped almonds 
 2 teaspoons seeded and chopped fresh chillies 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 oil  and  ghee  for deep frying 
 For the sauce 
 1 tablespoon  ghee  or  butter 
 2 teaspoons finely chopped  garlic 
 1 large  Onion , finely chopped 
 4 tablespoons  tomato  paste 
 1 1/2 teaspoons  salt 
 1 tablespoon  Sugar 
 3 thin slices  ginger , cut into shreds 
 125 ml/4 fl oz/1/2 cup  light cream  or  evaporated milk 
 1 teaspoon  garam masala  3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander or  mint 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the panir (reserving whey) and leave it to drain for 30 minutes. 
 Press between two plates to remove any excess moisture, then untie the muslin. 
 Break curds into pieces and knead vigorously until smooth and palm of the hand feels greasy. 
 Divide into 8 equal portions and roll each into a smooth ball. 
 Combine coriander,  Sultanas ,  almonds  and chillies, adding  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Make a depression in each ball and fill with some of the coriander mixture, then mould ball around filling again, making a smooth surface without cracks. 
 Heat about 2 cups  oil  with 2 tablespoons  ghee  to flavour it and slip in the  Cheese  koftas, frying them over medium heat until golden brown on all sides. 
 Lift out on slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. 
 Sauce: To make the sauce, melt  ghee  in a heavy pan with a tablespoon of the frying  oil  and cook  garlic  and  Onion  until soft and translucent. 
 Add  tomato  paste,  salt ,  Sugar  and  ginger  and stir in 11/2 cups whey. Cover and simmer for 10 minutes. 
 Stir in  cream , add koftas and simmer in sauce for 10 minutes. 
 Sprinkle with  garam masala  and coriander just before serving . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cambodian Recipes, Cambodian Appetizers, Masala Recipes, Mint Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Light cream Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Almond Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category