Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Home_Team_Guacamole

Home Team Guacamole  begins with a party size portion of basic guacamole (4 avocados,  salt ,  lemon  or  lime juice ) - served in the center of a serving tray. Line-up color-coded ingredients around the guacamole in small bowls. Then mix in "add-ins" to personalize and create your own "super" bowl.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 2   Directions 
 3   REGIONAL VARIATIONS 
 
 3.1   Tampa Bay 
 3.2   Oakland 
 3.3   Atlanta 
 3.4   New York 
 3.5   Philadelphia 
 3.6   Pittsburgh 
 3.7   San Francisco 
 3.8   Tennessee 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 ripe, large  California avocados , peeled, pitted, mashed 
 1 tsp  salt , or to taste 
 2 Tbsp fresh  lime juice 
 Directions : 
 Coarsely mash  avocados ; do not puree
 Stir in  lime juice  and season to taste.
 Prepare "add-ins" as directed below.
 Guacamole is best made as close to serving as possible.
 For short-term storage, seal in an airtight container with a piece of plastic wrap against the surface of the guacamole.
 To serve, place guacamole in center of serving tray and arrange additional ingredients on platter to surround the guacamole.
 Serve with tortilla chips.
 
 REGIONAL VARIATIONS : 
 Tampa Bay : 
 4 ounces cooked shelled and deveined small  Shrimp 
 1/2 cup diced  green onion 
 1/2 cup diced yellow  bell pepper 
 5 - 10 drops red pepper sauce
 Tampa Bay's coastal location calls for  Shrimp . The red pepper sauce and yellow  bell pepper  represent the team's colors.
 
 Oakland : 
 2  garlic  cloves finely chopped
 2/3 cup  black beans , rinsed and drained 
 1/2 cup chopped  red onion 
 1/2 cup chopped  tomato 
 2 pickled jalapeños, chopped 
 Oakland's signature color black is represented in the  black beans . Two jalapeños are added to represent the teams extra spice! 
 
 Atlanta : 
 1/2 cup  peach  preserves or  peach  salsa
 1/2 cup toasted  pecans , coarsely chopped
 
 New York : 
 1/2 pound smoked salmon pieces
 1/2 cup drained  capers  (stir in to guacamole base)
 (Reduce  salt  to 1/2 tsp. in base recipe)
 
 Philadelphia : 
 8 oz softened  cream cheese 
 2/3 cup chopped  black olives 
 
 Pittsburgh : 
 1/2 cup chopped roasted red  bell pepper 
 1/2 cup chopped roasted yellow  bell pepper 
 
 San Francisco : 
 1/2 pound cooked Dungeness crab, chopped
 1/4 cup diced scallions
 1/2 tsp. cracked  black pepper 
 
 Tennessee : 
 1/2 cup sweet white  Onion , finely chopped
 1 cup chunky red salsa
 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Black bean Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Crab Recipes, Guacamole Recipes, Hass avocado Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Peach Recipes, Add category