Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Coconut_Tofu_Soup

Description : 
 Vegan, but high fat
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ lb  extra-firm tofu 
 2 [cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 1 can  coconut milk  (I try to get frozen, or make fresh if I am ambitious) 
 1½ cups  vegetable stock  (or  water ) 
 kaffir lime leaves , to taste  [1] 
 1 tbsp  light soy sauce 
 1 oz  galanga  (kah) 
 1 to 3  Thai  or  serrano chiles , to taste (I like 4!) 
 Directions : 
 Drain the  tofu  of extra  water  by placing a heavy weight over the  tofu  surrounded by 3 layers of paper towels. 
 Cut  tofu  into bite size pieces. 
 Stir fry the  garlic  in the  oil  until golden (do not burn), then stir fry the  tofu  until it is an even golden brown. 
 In a medium size sauce pan mix the  coconut milk , stock (or  water ) and soy sauce. 
 Add the  tofu ,  kaffir lime leaves  (or substitute), and  galanga . 
 Cook over low to medium heat for 15 minutes, do not allow to boil! at this point, taste the soup. 
 If the  coconut  taste is too strong add a little more of the  kaffir lime leaves  (or substitute). 
 The idea is to reduce the sweetness of the  coconut milk . 
 With the flat of a heavy knife (or something similar) pound the chilies until they are split in several places. 
 Add to the soup, and let cook a couple minutes more. 
 Serve over steamed  rice  (preferably,  jasmine rice ). 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   This is a tough one since it can come packaged in a number of ways. I typically get dried in which case I let 2 to 3 tbsp soak in water before using. 
Very marginal substitutes (although still good!) are to try ¼ cup coarsely chopped  lemon grass , or the juice from 1  lime . This has to be experimented with, it is used to reduce the sweetness of the  coconut milk . You do not want this flavor to dominate, though. Add a little at a time, and taste to get it right. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Coconut milk Recipes, Extra-firm tofu Recipes, Galangal Recipes, Jasmine rice Recipes, Kaffir lime leaf Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Serrano pepper Recipes, Taiwanese Soups, Thai chile Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category