Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Nepali_Vegetable_Momos

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Dough for wrappers 
 2.2   Filling 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Dough 
 3.2   Filling 
 3.3   Assembly 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Nepali vegetable-stuffed dumplings
 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough for wrappers : 
 3 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 1 cup  water 
 pinch of  salt 
 Filling : 
 3 cups assorted vegetables ( spinach ,  cauliflower ,  carrot ,  green peas ,  daikon ,  red pepper ,  green pepper ), finely chopped 
 1 cup  onion , finely chopped 
 ½ cup  green onion , finely chopped 
 ½ cup  cilantro , chopped 
 1 teaspoon  garlic , minced 
 1 teaspoon  fresh ginger , minced 
 ½ teaspoon  timur 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 3  fresh red chilies , minced 
 1 cup Nepali  cheese  ( paneer ), roughly crushed 
 2 tablespoon  clarified butter 
 ½ teaspoon  fenugreek 
 1 tablespoon water- flour  mixture (thickening agent) 
 salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 In a large bowl combine  flour ,  oil ,  salt  and  water . Mix well, knead until the dough becomes homogeneous in texture, about 8 – 10 minutes. Cover and let stand for at least 30 minutes. Knead well again before staging the wrappers. 
 Filling : 
 In a non-stick pan heat  clarified butter , splitter  fenugreek  until it turns dark. Add chopped  onions  and saute until just slightly light brown. Add  turmeric ,  garlic ,  ginger , and chilies. Fry for 30 sec. Put vegetables and stir-fry until slightly soft. Do NOT over stir-fry the vegetables.  salt  and  pepper  the vegetable mixture. Add  Cheese ,  green onions  and  cilantro , mix well. To solidify the vegetable mixture, add one tablespoon of flour- water  mixture. Mix the mass over until thickened. Transfer the vegetable filling into a bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow cooling. 
 Assembly : 
 Give the dough a final knead. Prepare 1-in. dough balls. Take a ball, roll between your palms to spherical shape. Dust working board with dry  flour . On the board gently flatten the ball with your palm to about 2-in circle. Make a few semi-flattened circles, cover with a bowl. Use a rolling pin to roll out each flattened circle into a wrapper. For well excecuted momos, it is essential that the middle portion of the wrapper be slightly thicker than the edges to ensure the structural integrity of dumplings during packing and steaming. Hold the edges of the semi-flattened dough with one hand and with the other hand begin rolling the edges of the dough out, swirling a bit at a time. Continue until the wrapper attains 3-in diameter circular shape. Repeat with the remaining few semi-flattened dough. Cover with bowl to prevent from drying. 
 For packing hold wrapper on one palm, put one tablespoon of the filling mixture and with the other hand bring all edges together to the center, making the pleats. Pinch and twist the pleats to ensure the absolute closure of the stuffed dumpling. This holds the key to good tasting, juicy dumplings. 
 Heat up a steamer,  oil  the steamer rack well. This is critical because it will prevent dumplings from sticking. Arrange uncooked momos in the steamer. Close the lid, and allow steaming until the dumplings are cooked through, about 8 – 10 minutes. Take the dumplings off the steamer, and immediately serve. To serve, arrange the cooked momos on a plate dressed with an ample amount of hot  tomato  achar. 
 
 
 
Categories: Nepali Vegetarian, Dumpling Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Paneer Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Daikon Recipes, Fenugreek Recipes, Pea Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Onion Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category