Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Honey_Vanilla_Cheesecake

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Filling 
 2.2   Gingersnap crust 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Gingersnap crust 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Makes 16 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 4 oz reduced-fat  cream cheese 
 16 oz low-fat  cottage cheese 
 1 cup fat-free  ricotta cheese 
 2 tbsp  cornstarch 
 1 cup  honey 
 1 tbsp  vanilla extract 
 1 cup fat-free  egg substitute 
 puréed  raspberries , or  strawberries , if desired 
 sugar  (as topping, if desired) 
 1  gingersnap crust  (below) 
 Gingersnap crust : 
 32 old fashioned crisp  gingersnap  cookies, crushed 
 2 tbsp  sugar 
 1  egg white 
 Directions : 
 Cheesecake in a food processor or blender, blend until smooth  cream cheese ,  cottage cheese ,  ricotta cheese , and  cornstarch . 
 Add honey and  vanilla extract  and blend again. 
 Add  egg substitute  and blend until mixture is smooth. 
 Pour into prepared crust (see below). 
 Bake 20 minutes at 300°F then reduce oven temperature to 250°F and bake 60 minutes longer or until sides are set and center is fluid but not sloshing. 
 Turn off oven and allow cake to cool 1 hour in oven. 
 Remove and cool to room temperature. 
 Chill, covered, overnight before slicing. 
 Serve topped with pureed  strawberries  or  raspberries , adding bit a  sugar , if desired. 
 Gingersnap crust : 
 Combine thoroughly in food processor or blender gingersnap cookies and  sugar . 
 Add  egg  white, blending until mixture is moistened. 
 Press mixture on bottom and up sides of 8- or 9-inch spring-form pan. 
 Bake at 350°F for 10 to 12 minutes. 
 Remove crust from oven. 
 Reduce heat to 300°F. 
 Fill an oven-proof dish with about 1 inch of warm  water  and place it at the back of the oven to provide steam for the cheesecake while it bakes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Low-calorie Recipes, Gingersnap crumb Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Cottage cheese Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Add category