Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Forti

Description : 
 Doughnut-shaped cookies
 
 Ingredients : 
 600 g (1 lb 3½ oz) plain white  flour  ( all purpose flour ) 
 250 g (8 oz)  caster (superfine) sugar 
 250 g (8 oz)  molasses 
 250 g (8 oz)  almonds  (unshelled) 
 100 g (3½ oz) bitter  cocoa 
 80 g (3 oz)  butter 
 a scant 0.1 l (3½ fl oz)  milk 
 0.1 l (3½ fl oz)  fortified red wine 
 2  eggs 
 1  egg white 
 1 pinch powdered  yeast 
 icing (confectioner's)  and  granulated sugar 
 ½ tsp  ginger 
 1 tbsp  cloves , crushed 
 1 tbsp ground  cinnamon 
 salt 
 ½ tsp  white pepper 
 Directions : 
 Place the  molasses , the  ginger , and 50 g (1¾ oz)  butter , in pieces, in a bowl, mix well, and add the 2  eggs , whole, and the  yeast . 
 Shell the  almonds , crush 200 g (7 oz) in a mortar, and add to the other ingredients. 
 Add the wine, the  cocoa , sprinkled from a sieve, the  cinnamon , the cloves, the  pepper  and the  ginger  to the  molasses  mixture. 
 Dissolve the  salt  in the  milk  and add to the mixture, then add the amount of  flour  necessary to form a dough that is both consistent and soft. 
 Place the dough on a pastry board and knead with the hands, return to the bowl, cover with a cloth or a plate and allow to rest for 2 days. 
 Then roll out pieces of the dough, one at a time, to form sheets. 
 Using a small 7 cm (3 in) diameter mould, cut rounds from the dough sheets, making a small hole in the centre of each round with an upside down glass, smaller than the original mould, thus forming small rings. 
 Crush the remaining  almonds  in a mortar and add a little  icing sugar  ( confectioner's sugar ) and the  egg white . 
 Brush this mixture on the "ciambelline" and sprinkle with the  granulated sugar , crushed. 
 Use the remaining  butter  to grease a baking tray (cookie sheet) and bake in the oven at 180°C / 350°F / gas 4 for 15 minutes. 
 With the help of a spatula, remove from the baking tray and arrange on one or more pastry racks. 
 The biscuits (cookies) keep for a long time in metal containers. 
 
 
 
Categories: Slovenian Desserts, Cookie Recipes, White pepper Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Fortified wine Recipes, Almond Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category