Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Russian_Salad_Bread_Cups

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Toast cases 
 2.2   Russian salad filling 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Toast cases 
 3.2   Russian salad filling 
 3.3   Assembly 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 These nutritious little cups of bread hold a medley of colourful vegetables and fruits.
 
 Courtesy of Tarla Dalal 
 Contributed by  Indiancuisineandculture Y-Group 
 Preparation Time : 15 minutes | Baking Time : 15 minutes | Cooking Time : 15 minutes. 
 Serves 4 (makes approx. 1½ cups of filling) 
 Ingredients : 
 Toast cases : 
 8 slices  whole wheat bread 
 2 teaspoons  butter 
 Russian salad filling : 
 ½ cup chopped boiled, peeled and chopped  potatoes 
 ½ cup boiled green  peas 
 2 tablespoons peeled, chopped and boiled  carrots 
 2 tablespoons chopped and boiled  French beans 
 2 tablespoons peeled and chopped  pineapple 
 2 tablespoons chopped  apple 
 2 tablespoons chopped  lettuce 
 2 tablespoons  eggless mayonnaise 
 1 tablespoon fresh  cream 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Toast cases : 
 Slice off the crust from the bread slices. 
 Wrap the bread slices in a muslin cloth and steam in a pressure cooker for 5 to 7 minutes. 
 Flatten the bread slices and press each bread slice into the cavities of a muffin tray greased with butter. 
 Brush some melted butter over them and bake in a pre-heated oven at 200°C (400°F) for 10 minutes or until crisp. 
 Demould and keep aside. 
 Russian salad filling : 
 Mix all the ingredients in a bowl. 
 Divide into 8 equal portions and keep aside. 
 Assembly : 
 Fill a portion of the mixture in each toast case. 
 Serve immediately. 
 Tips muffin trays are used for making cup cakes, muffins etc. 
 They are available at any shop which sells cake moulds. 
 
 
 
Categories: Indiancuisineandculture, Kid-friendly Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Sandwich Recipes, Potato Recipes, Pea Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Apple Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Add category