Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crab_Tomato_Soup

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Makes 12 to 15 Servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 4 quarts  water 
 5 cups peeled  tomatoes   or  2 cans (28 ounces)  tomatoes 
 1 can, 8 ounces  tomato sauce 
 2  bay leaves 
 ½ cup  pearl barley 
 ½ cup chopped  parsley 
 1 tablespoon  Old Bay seasoning 
 3 stalks  celery , diced 
 1 large  onion , chopped 
 2  ham hocks 
 1  beef  bone 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 8 live  blue crabs , cleaned and quartered, backs reserved  [1] 
 ½ head  cabbage , chopped 
 2 medium  potatoes , peeled and diced 
 4 cups fresh or frozen mixed vegetables, such as diced  carrots , cut-up  green beans ,  corn  kernels, shelled  peas  and  lima beans , in any combination 
 2 pounds claw  crab  meat, picked over 
 Directions : 
 Combine the  water ,  tomatoes ,  tomato  sauce,  bay leaves ,  barley ,  parsley , Old Bay seasoning,  celery ,  onion ,  ham  hocks,  beef  bone,  salt  and  pepper  in a large soup pot. 
 Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 1 hour. 
 Add the crabs and backs. 
 Continue cooking for another 30 minutes. 
 Add the  cabbage ,  potatoes  and mixed vegetables. 
 When the vegetables are tender, remove the  ham  hocks and pick the meat off the bone. 
 Return the picked meat to the soup. 
 Discard the  bay leaves  and backs. 
 Add the claw meat and simmer 10 minutes longer. 
 Serve at once. 
 Crab : 
 To prepare crabs for use in a soup, drop the crabs into a pot of boiling  water  and allow to cook for 5 minutes. 
 Rinse in cold  water  until cool enough to handle. 
 Remove top shell of crabs, reserving shells for soup, as they add flavor to the soup as it cooks. 
 Clean the body of the crab by removing the gills and innards. 
 Break the crabs into quarters, and they are ready for use in a soup. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Blue crabs used in soup recipes are usually whole blue crabs that are female or too small for steaming. 
 
 
 Nutritional information : 
 Calories 234 | Fat 2 g | Carbs 23 g | Sodium 819 Mg | Fiber 5 G
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cabbage Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Corn Recipes, Crab Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Ham hock Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Lima bean Recipes, Add category