Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Greek_Onion_and_Squash_Pie

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group  and also  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Makes 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 olive oil  cooking spray 
 1 x 8-ounce (240 g)  onion , chopped 
 ½ pound (240 g)  zucchini , grated 
 ½ pound (240 g)  summer squash , grated 
 3 ounces (80 ml) liquid  egg substitute 
 ⅓ cup crumbled low-fat  feta  cheese, about 1 ounce (30 g) 
 1 tablespoon (9 g)  all-purpose flour 
 3 tablespoons 30 g) chopped fresh  oregano  or 1 tablespoon (15 ml) crushed dried 
 8 sheets  phyllo dough 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F (190°C or gas mark 5). 
 Lightly coat a non-stick skillet with cooking spray. 
 Place over medium heat and add the onion and two squashes. 
 Cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are soft and all liquid has evaporated, about 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Place the vegetables in a bowl to cool slightly. 
 Add the egg substitute, feta cheese, flour, and oregano. 
 Stir to combine and set aside. 
 Place a sheet of phyllo dough on a 9-inch (22.5 cm) pie plate, allowing any excess dough to loosely drape over the sides. 
 Lightly coat with cooking spray. 
 Repeat, using three more phyllo sheets, spraying after each addition. 
 Pour the prepared vegetable-egg mixture into the pie shell and smooth out surface. 
 Top the pie with the remaining four sheets of phyllo, spraying each layer with cooking spray before adding another sheet. 
 Cut the phyllo 1 inch (2.5 cm) beyond the rim of the pie pan. 
 Fold this dough over towards the center to make an edge just inside the rim. 
 Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until nicely browned and puffed. 
 Allow to cool to room temperature before serving. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 130 calories (18% calories from fat) | 6 g protein | 3g total fat (0.9g saturated fat) | 21g carbohydrate | 2g dietary fiber | 3 mg cholesterol | 261 mg sodium 
 Diabetic exchanges: 1 carbohydrate (1 bread/starch) | 1 vegetable 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, World Recipes, Greek Vegetarian, Savory pie Recipes, Onion Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Summer squash Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Add category