Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Diet_Shrimp_Bisque

Description : 
 This rich-tasting bisque has only 90 calories per serving. Peter Kump - Prodigy Guest Chefs Cookbook
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs fresh  shrimp   or   scampi ,  lobster  or  crayfish 
 1 tbsp  safflower   or  virgin  olive oil 
 1  leek , cleaned and sliced coarsely 
 1 small  carrot , peeled and sliced 
 1  celery  stalk, sliced 
 2  shallots , peeled and chopped 
 1  garlic  clove, peeled and minced 
 1 tbsp  tomato purée 
 1½ cup dry  white wine 
 2 quart  water 
 1  chicken bouillon  cube, crushed 
 1 pinch  saffron 
 Herb bouquet : 
 tie the following in a cheesecloth
 
 ½ tsp  thyme 
 ½  bay leaf 
 6 fresh  parsley  stems 
 Bisque : 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 4 tbsp  cornstarch 
 4 tbsp  non-fat powdered milk 
 ½ tsp  cognac ,  armagnac  or  brandy 
 4  basil  leaves, minced 
 1 tsp  tarragon , minced 
 1 tbsp minced  chives 
 Directions : 
 Separate the tail from the  shrimp  and remove the  meat , reserving all shells, claws, heads and so forth. 
 If you wish, devein the tails, then cover and refrigerate. 
 Coarsely chop the heads and shells, reserving 4 heads for decoration, if you have them. 
 In a large saucepan, heat the  oil  over moderate heat, then add the  shrimp  shells and cook them. 
 Stir slowly but continuously for 5 minutes. 
 Add the vegetables and  tomato  puree and cook another 5 minutes, stirring. 
 Add the wine and bring to the boil for 30 seconds, scraping the bottom to dissolve any coagulated juices. 
 Add the  water , bouillon cube,  saffron  and herb bouquet. 
 Return to a simmer and cook, covered, for 1 hour. 
 Pour the stock through a fine strainer into a bowl, pressing down on the vegetables and  shrimp  shells with a soup ladle to extract all of the liquid (for a finer result, strain again through cheesecloth). 
 Return the stock to the boil. 
 Moisten the  cornstarch  in a little cold  water , then add it to the saucepan and boil for 4 minutes. 
 Taste for  salt  and  pepper  (the recipe can be prepared ahead to this point and refrigerated). 
 Bring the stock to a simmer. 
 Add the  shrimp  tails and let them cook a bare 2 minutes (for small or medium), or 3 minutes for extra large. 
 Remove immediately with a slotted spoon and divide them among 4 heated soup plates. 
 Pour the stock into a blender, add the  powdered milk  and  cognac . 
 Blend until smooth and homogeneous. 
 Pour immediately into the soup plates over the  shrimp  tails. 
 Garnish each dish with an equal amount of the herbs and a  shrimp  head (optional). 
 
 
 
Categories: Soup Recipes, Armagnac Recipes, Celery Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cognac Recipes, Crayfish Recipes, Lobster Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Scampi Recipes, Leek Recipes, Add category