Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Favorite_Pork_Chops_with_Sauerkraut

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Ingredients : 
 4  pork center loin chops ; trimmed 
 2 teaspoons dried  sage 
 salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 cups  chicken broth 
 4 large  shallots ; thinly sliced 
 2 cloves  garlic ; minced 
 2 tablespoons dry  sherry ; or  cognac  or  brandy 
 2 pounds  sauerkraut ; undrained 
 1 teaspoon  caraway seed 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Sprinkle each  pork chop  with some  sage ,  salt , and  pepper  to taste. 
 Rub the seasonings into the  pork  chops so they will adhere. 
 Set aside. 
 Place a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat and pour ½ cup of the chicken broth into it. 
 When the broth begins to boil, add the  shallots  and  garlic  and saute for 30 seconds. 
 Add the  pork  chops and some broth. 
 Allow the broth to almost evaporate and brown the chops on one side, 4 to 5minutes. 
 Add ½ cup more broth to the skillet and turn the chops. 
 Allow the broth to almost evaporate as the chops brown on the other side, 4 to 5 minutes. 
 Remove the chops from the skillet and add the remaining broth and  sherry . 
 Stir and scrape the brown bits from the bottom of the skillet. 
 Allow the liquid to reduce until slightly thickened. 
 Remove the skillet from the heat. 
 Place half of the  sauerkraut  in the bottom of a casserole dish large enough to hold the chops. 
 Sprinkle the  sauerkraut  with ½ teaspoon of the  caraway seeds . 
 Place the browned chops on top of the sauerkraut and pour the reduced skillet liquid over each of the chops. 
 Distribute the remaining  sauerkraut  evenly over the chops and sprinkle with remaining ½ teaspoon  caraway seeds  over all. 
 Cover the casserole and place it in the oven. 
 Bake for 1½ hours or until the  pork  is very tender. 
 Remove the casserole from the oven. 
 Remove the cover carefully since steam will billow out. 
 Serve each chop with some  sauerkraut . 
 Drizzle some of the liquid from the casserole over each. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Pork chop Recipes, Sage Recipes, Sauerkraut Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Cognac Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Add category