Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bacon-Cheeseburger_Pizza

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Better Homes and Gardens 
 Prep: 50 Minutes | Bake: 22 Minutes 
 Makes 8 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2¾ to 3¼ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup warm  water  (120°F to 130°F) 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 ¾ cup chopped  onion 
 2 cloves  garlic , Minced 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil ,  margarine , or  butter 
 1 x 14½-ounce can  tomatoes , cut up 
 1 x 8-ounce can  tomato sauce 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  basil   or  1 teaspoon dried  basil , crushed 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  oregano   or  1 teaspoon dried  oregano , crushed 
 1 teaspoon  fennel seed , crushed (optional) 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar 
 ¼ teaspoon  pepper 
 1 pound  ground beef 
 1 cup chopped  onion 
 2 medium  tomatoes , very thinly sliced 
 6 slices  bacon , cut into 2-inch pieces, crisp-cooked, and drained 
 3 cups shredded  Cheddar ,  American , or Cojack  cheese  (12 ounces) 
 Directions : 
 Pizza sauce : 
 Cook ¾ cup chopped  onion  and  garlic  in 1 tablespoon  oil . 
 Stir in  tomatoes ,  tomato sauce ,  bay leaf ,  basil ,  oregano ,  fennel seed , if desired,  sugar , and  pepper . 
 Bring to boiling. Reduce heat; Simmer, uncovered, for 35 to 40 minutes or to desired consistency, stirring occasionally. Discard  bay leaf . [1] [2] 
 Pizza dough : 
 Meanwhile, in a large bowl combine 1¼ cups of the  flour , the  yeast , and the  salt . 
 Add warm  water  and 2 tablespoons  oil . 
 Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds, scraping bowl constantly. 
 Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. 
 Using a spoon, stir in as much of the remaining  flour  as you can. 
 Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. 
 Knead in enough remaining  flour  to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes total). 
 Divide dough in half. Cover and let rest 10 minutes. [3] 
 Pizza : 
 Grease two 11- to 13-inch pizza pans or baking sheets. 
 On a lightly floured surface, roll each half of dough into a circle 1 inch larger than pizza pan. 
 Transfer dough to pans. Build up edges slightly. Prick generously with a fork. Do not let rise. 
 Bake in a 425°F oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Meanwhile, in a large skillet cook ground  beef  and the 1 cup chopped  onion  until meat is brown and  onion  is tender. Drain fat. 
 Spread pizza sauce over hot crusts. 
 Sprinkle with ground  beef  mixture. 
 Top with  tomato  slices and  bacon  pieces. 
 Sprinkle with  cheese . 
 Bake about 12 minutes more or until  cheese  melts and sauce is bubbly. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   If desired, substitute one 15-oz. can or 15½-oz. jar pizza sauce for the homemade sauce. 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza sauce; cool. Transfer to freezer container. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza dough; divide into 2 equal portions. Place in plastic freezer bags. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, American cheese Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category