Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggnog_Bread_Pudding

Ingredients : 
 Pudding : 
 3 	large 	 eggs 
 1 	large 	 egg  yolk 
 3/4 	cup 	 Sugar 
 4 	tbsp 	 unsalted butter , melted 
 1 3/4 	cup 	Half-and-half 
 3 	tbsp 	 brandy 
 2 	tbsp 	 pure vanilla extract 
 3/4 	tsp 	Freshly grated  nutmeg 
 1/8 	tsp 	 salt 
 6 	slice 	Dry  cinnamon   raisin bread  quartered 
 Cranberry-maple sauce : 
 1/3 	cup 	Pure  maple syrup 
 2 	tbsp 	 Sugar 
 1 1/2 	cup 	 cranberries  if frozen, do not thaw 
 3 	tbsp 	 unsalted butter 
 1 1/2 	tbsp 	 Bourbon 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350f 15 minutes before baking, with the rack in the center of the oven. 
 butter  a 6-cup souffle dish. 
 Have a kettle of boiling  water  ready and a baking pan large enough to hold the souffle dish. 
 Whisk the  eggs ,  egg  yolk and  Sugar  until light. 
 Mix in the  butter , the half-and-half,  brandy ,  vanilla ,  nutmeg  and  salt . 
 Place the bread in the souffle dish and pour the custard over it. 
 Press the bread into the custard so it gets well soaked. 
 Let rest 20 minutes. 
 Put the souffle dish in the baking pan and place on the oven rack. 
 Pour boiling  water  into the baking pan so it comes halfway up the sides of the souffle dish. 
 Bake until the custard is softly set in the center, about 1 hour. 
 Remove from the  water  bath. 
 Serve warm or at room temperature with cranberry-maple sauce. 
 Once cooled, the pudding can be refrigerated for up to 3 days. 
 To reheat, cover with aluminum foil with several slits in it. 
 Bake in a preheated 350f oven for 20 minutes. 
 Serve warm, or at room temperature with cranberry-maple sauce. 
 Cranberry-maple sauce: bring the  maple syrup  and  Sugar  to a boil in a small non-aluminum pan, then cook for 3 minutes. 
 Add the  cranberries  and cook until their skins burst and they begin to pop, 6 to 8 minutes, or slightly longer if they are frozen. 
 Cut the  butter  into 3 pieces. 
 Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the  butter , 1 piece at a time, waiting until each is incorporated before adding another. 
 Add the  Bourbon . Sauce can be served immediately or refrigerated for up to a week. 
 Reheat gently and thin with 2 to 3 tablespoons  water  before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bread pudding Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Holiday pudding Recipes, Add category