Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Iraqi_Taghrib


 
 Description : 
 This is an Iraqi recipe eaten by the poor people in Iraq since it is so simple, but the taste is kingly. It is a kind of soup/stew served over cut up pieces of large flatbread. You eat it with your hands and serve it with spring  Onion ; you take a bite of the food and then a little bite of the spring  Onion  (if you like). I am just trying to describe the way the Iraqi's eat it. The food doesn't look like it was served in a restaurant but believe me the taste is lovely!!!!! If you don't like the idea of bread, you can serve it with  basmati rice .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 	whole  Chicken , cut in pieces without skin ask your butcher to do that part (or you can use  Lamb ) 
 2 	 onions , chopped finely 
 4 	 garlic  cloves, crushed 
 1 (8 	ounce) can  Chickpeas , with liquid 
 1 1/2 	tablespoons  curry  powder (to taste) 
 1/3 	cup coriander, chopped 
 salt 
 black pepper 
 1 	 chicken stock  cube (Maggi seasoning) 
 1 (8 	ounce) can chopped  tomatoes 
 2 	liters  water 
 3 	tablespoons  tomato  puree 
 5 	medium  potatoes , cut in 4 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Fry the  Chicken  pieces in some  oil , or deep fry, and set aside. 
 Fry the  Onion  and  garlic ; add the liquid of the  Chickpeas ; and put in all the spices. 
 Add the  chicken stock , chopped  tomatoes  and 2 liters  water . Wait until it boils and than add the  tomato  puree. 
 Add the  potatoes ,  Chickpeas , and  Chicken ; let it boil until the  potatoes  are done. 
 Serve over cut up bread or  basmati rice . When you serve it over  rice , make sure you use less  water  or more  tomato  puree, to make the sauce thicker. 
 P.S. You can replace the  Chicken  for  Lamb  or  Chicken  breasts, and you can add some veggies such as  carrot ,  sweet pepper ,  green beans , etc., or you can even add some  sweet potato  or  pumpkin . 
 The Iraqi people put in whatever they have leftover; be creative and add what you like. 
 
 
 
Categories: Basmati rice Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Curry Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Iraqi Recipes, Iraqi Vegetarian, Lamb Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category