Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Easy-Does-It_Jambalaya

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Makes 4 (1½-cup) servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 teaspoon  olive oil 
 4 ounces  turkey kielbasa  link sausage, sliced 
 6 ounces cubed  chicken  thigh meat 
 12 ounces thawed  pepper  and  onion  mix 
 ¾ cup thinly sliced  celery 
 1 can (14.5 ounces) diced  tomatoes 
 2  bay leaves 
 ½ teaspoon dried  thyme 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar 
 2  garlic  cloves, minced 
 ¼ teaspoon salt 6 ounces frozen uncooked medium  shrimp , peeled and deveined 
 ¾ cup uncooked instant  brown rice 
 Directions : 
 Place a Dutch oven over medium heat until hot. 
 Add oil and sausage. 
 Cook until sausage begins to brown, stirring frequently. 
 Remove from pot and set aside. 
 Add the chicken to the pot and cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. 
 Add the pepper and onion mix, celery, tomatoes, bay leaves, thyme, sugar and garlic. 
 Bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce heat, cover and simmer 30 minutes. 
 Add the shrimp and sausage. 
 Cover and cook 5 minutes or until shrimp is opaque in center. 
 Remove from heat. 
 Add the rice and salt. 
 Cover and let stand 15 minutes to absorb flavors and to cook the rice. 
 Serve immediately. 
 To freeze, cool completely. 
 Spoon 1½ cups jambalaya into 1-quart freezer resealable plastic food storage bag. 
 Release any excess air from bag and seal. 
 To thaw, place bag in refrigerator overnight. 
 Alternatively, place bag on a microwave-safe plate. 
 Open bag and cook on high for 3 minutes or until hot. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 Cal.: 278 | Cal. from Fat: 22% | Total Fat: 7g | Sat. Fat: 1g | Carb.: 29g | Protein: 24g | Chol.: 117mg | Sodium: 702mg | Fiber: 4 g 
 Dietary Exchanges: 2 Starch | 3 Meat 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Turkey sausage Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Add category