Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gingerbread_Cupcakes_with_Lemon_Cream_Cheese_Frosting

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 12 cupcakes 
 Ingredients : 
 1¼ cups  flour 
 1½ tsp ground  ginger 
 1 tsp  cinnamon 
 ¼ tsp ground  cloves 
 ½ tsp  allspice 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ½ stick + 2 tbsp  unsalted butter 
 ½ cup  granulated sugar 
 ½ cup  molasses 
 1 large  egg , beaten lightly 
 1 tsp  baking soda 
 8 oz  cream cheese , softened 
 1½ cup  confectioners' sugar 
 ½ tsp  vanilla 
 1 tsp grated  lemon zest 
 2 tsp fresh  lemon juice 
 1 tbsp sliced  crystallized ginger 
 Directions : 
 Into a bowl sift together the  flour , the ground  ginger , the cinnamon, the cloves, the  allspice , and the  salt . 
 In another bowl cream ½ stick of the  butter , add the  granulated sugar , and beat the mixture until it is fluffy. 
 Beat in the  molasses  and the egg, beating until the mixture is smooth. 
 In a measuring cup combine the baking soda with ½ cup boiling  water  and stir the mixture to dissolve the  baking soda . 
 Stir the mixture into the  molasses  mixture (the mixture will appear curdled) and stir the  molasses  mixture into the flour mixture, stirring to combine the ingredients well. 
 Line twelve ½-cup muffin tins with paper liners and spoon the batter into the liners, filling them halfway. 
 Bake the cupcakes in the middle of a preheated 350°F oven for 20 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean (the cupcakes will be flat or slightly indented on top) 
 Transfer the cupcakes to a rack and let them cool. 
 In a bowl cream together the  cream cheese  and the remaining 2 tablespoons  butter , add the confectioners'  sugar  and the  vanilla , and beat the mixture until it is fluffy and smooth. 
 Beat in the zest and the  lemon juice  and chill the frosting for 30minutes. 
 Frost the cupcakes and top each with some  ginger . 
 Enjoy. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Cupcake Recipes, Crystallized ginger Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg Recipes, Molasses Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Add category