Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Basket_of_Fruit

Description : 
 Fresh ruby red strawberries give your taste buds a treat. The juice is sweet and tantalizing. Even the aroma of fresh berries excites the palate and prepares the way for a great adventure in eating. Try this recipe as you partake of a fruit that is luscious, beautiful in color, and heavenly in any menu plan. Enjoy! 
 
 Contributed by  ©Arleen M. Kaptur March 2002 , Author of books and articles on living a simple, rustic lifestyle - and getting the most from each and every day. Excerpt from  strawberry / chocolate  Recipes by Arleen M. Kaptur 
 Arleen Kaptur may be contacted at  http://www.arleenssite.com  akaptur@centurytel.net 
 http://www.ideamarketers.com/library/profile.cfm?writerid=3502  to view more of her articles. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups fresh, hulled  strawberries 
 1  cantaloupe 
 1  pineapple 
 2 cups  blueberries 
 3  kiwi fruit 
 1  banana 
 2  oranges 
 Sauce : 
 1  egg 
 1 tbsp  lime juice 
 ¼ cup  lemon juice , freshly squeezed please 
 ½ cup  orange juice 
 1 cup  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Sauce : 
 Beat the  egg . 
 Place in a pan with the  lime juice ,  lemon juice ,  orange juice , and  sugar . 
 Bring to a boil over medium-high heat and stir gently for 1 minute. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Basket : 
 Remove the rind from the  cantaloupe , and cut into bite-size pieces. 
 Do the same with the  pineapple ,  kiwi fruit ,  banana  (dipped in a little  lemon juice  to avoid discoloration), and oranges. 
 Wash the strawberries before they are hulled. 
 Wash the blueberries in cold  water . 
 Place in a clear glass bowl so your guests can admire the colors. 
 Pour the sauce over the fruit but do not stir. 
 Allow to stand for 2½ hours before serving. 
 Stir very gently just before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Dessert Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Cantaloupe Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Blueberry Recipes, Kiwi Recipes, Banana Recipes, Orange Recipes, Egg Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Add category