Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_with_Lemon_Mustard_Sauce

Ingredients : 
 chicken 
 1  Chicken , (3 1/4 to 4 pounds), quartered 
 8 cloves  garlic , peeled 
 1  Scotch bonnet peppers *, (up to 2) 
 1 1/2	tsp	 salt 
 1 tsp	Freshly ground  black pepper 
 3 tbl	 vegetable oil 
 lemon mustard sauce 
 1 lrg	 Onion , finely chopped (about 2 cups) 
 1 cup	Grainy French  mustard 
 1/2 cup  vegetable oil 
 1/4 cup fresh  lemon juice 
 12  green olives , pitted and thinly sliced 
 1  bay leaf 
 1/2  Scotch bonnet pepper , ( up to whole  chile ) 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 Directions : 
 Rinse the  Chicken  pieces under cold running  water , then drain and blot dry with paper towels. 
 Make 1 or 2 deep slashes, to the bone, in each piece, then place in a non- reactive baking dish large enough to hold the pieces in a single layer. 
 Set aside while you prepare the spice paste. 
 Combine the  garlic , chiles,  salt , and  pepper  in a mortar and pound to a paste with the pestle, then work in the  oil ; or combine the  oil  with the other ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. 
 Using your fingers, stuff half the spice paste into the slashes in each piece of  Chicken , then spread the remainder over the skin. 
 Cover and let marinate, in the refrigerator, for 2 to 12 hours (the longer the better). 
 Preheat the grill, using the two-tiered method .....Spread one third of the coals in a single layer over one side of the grill, the other tow thirds in a double layer on the other side. Leave a small portion of the grill free of coals. This arrangement gives you a super hot heat source for searing, a moderately hot heat source for cooking, and a warm spot for keeping cooked foods warm. You control the heat by moving the food 
 Meanwhile, prepare the sauce. Select a heavy nonreactive saucepan or flameproof casserole large enough to hold the  Chicken  and in it combine the  Onion ,  mustard ,  oil ,  lemon juice ,  bay leaf ,  chile , and  salt  and  pepper . 
 Stir well to mix and bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat to low. 
 Simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently, until the  Onion  is soft and the sauce is thick and creamy and the  oil  has started to separate out, about 15 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat and taste for seasoning, adding  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Discard the  bay leaf  and  chile . 
 Set the sauce aside, covered. 
 When ready to cook the  Chicken ,  oil  the grill grate. 
 Arrange the  Chicken  pieces, skin side down, on the grate over the hotter section of the grill. 
 Cook until the skin starts to brown, 3 to 5 minutes. 
 Move the pieces to the cooler section of the grill and contunue grilling until the skin is more thoroughly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Move pieces away from flare ups. 
 Turn the pieces and move them back to the hotter section of the grill. Brown the second side well, 3 to 5 minutes, then move the pieces back to the cooler side to finish cooking. The total cooking time will be 16 to 24 minutes. 
 When ready, the  Chicken  will be crisp and golden brown outside and the juices will run clear when the meat is pierced. 
 Transfer the  Chicken  to the saucepan with the sauce and bring to a simmer over low heat, spooning the sauce over the  Chicken  to coat. 
 Cover and cook until the  Chicken  is well flavored by the sauce, 4 to 5 minutes. 
 Transfer the  Chicken  pieces to serving plates or a platter, spoon the sauce over; and serve. 
 Notes 
 
 For a milder marinade and sauce, seed the hot chilies. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Senegalese Meat Dishes, Add category