Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jordanian_Spring_Greens_Soup

Description : 
 Makes 6 to 8 servings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  olive oil 
 1 small  onion , cut into small dice 
 1 small  leek , white part only, very thinly sliced 
 4 to 5 small  green garlics , white parts only, very thinly sliced 
 1 small  fennel  bulb, cut into small dice 
 1 small bunch  chard , stems and leaves separated 
 kosher salt 
 ⅔ cup Italian  rice , preferably Vialone Nano 
 pinch of  red pepper flakes 
 2 pounds spring greens, a mix of  arugula , stinging  nettles ,  watercress ,  sorrel , young  beet  or  turnip greens  and  spinach 
 black pepper  in a mill 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  olive oil  in a large soup pot set over medium-low heat, add the  onion  and  leek  and saute until limp and fragrant, about 8 to 10 minutes, stirring now and then. 
 Add the  garlic  and  fennel  and cook 5 minutes more. 
 Meanwhile, cut the  chard  stems into small dice and add them to the pot with the other vegetables. 
 Season with  salt  and continue to cook until all of the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes more. 
 Add 6 cups  water  and stir in the  rice  and the  red pepper flakes . 
 Increase the heat to medium and simmer for 10 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, cut the  chard  into ½-inch crosswise slices. 
 If using stinging  nettles , use tongs to plunge them into boiling salted  water , cook for 30 seconds and rinse in cool  water . 
 Stack the  nettles  and cut them into ¼-inch wide crosswise slices. 
 Cut the  sorrel  and  beet  or  turnip greens  into thin crosswise slices. 
 If the  spinach  leaves are small, leave them whole; if they are large, cut them as you have cut the other greens. 
 Add the greens and stir until they are wilted. 
 Add 2 cups  water  and simmer 10 minutes. 
 Taste, correct for  salt  and season generously with  black pepper . 
 
 
 
Categories: Arugula Recipes, Beet greens Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Jordanian Soups, Leek Recipes, Nettle Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Sorrel Recipes, Add category