Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Puchero_Moderno


 
 Ingredients : 
 3  garlic  cloves, chopped 
 2 teaspoons  oil 
 6 quarts  water 
 1 whole  chicken , rinsed well and patted dry (about 3 lb) 
 3  bay leaves 
 3 sprigs  thyme 
 1 tablespoon  black peppercorns 
 2 tablespoons  kosher salt 
 2  ancho chiles , stemmed and seeded 
 1  lemon , zest of 
 10 ounces white  pearl onions , roots trimmed off 
 1 lb  Brussels sprouts , trimmed and washed 
 9 ounces baby  carrots , peeled 
 2 small  sweet potatoes , peeled and diced 
 1 cup  corn  kernels 
 5  leeks , white parts only, split and washed 
 3  chorizo  sausages (about 1 lb) 
 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf  parsley , to garnish 
 coarse grain  mustard , for dipping 
 Directions : 
 In a large stockpot, sauté  garlic  in  oil  until soft. 
 Add the  water ,  chicken ,  bay leaves ,  thyme , peppercorns,  salt , and chiles; bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Decrease heat to low and simmer, covered, for 1½ hours, occasionally skimming off any fat that rises to the surface. 
 Transfer the  chicken  from the pot to a serving platter, and cut into serving pieces or shred. 
 Add  lemon  zest to the broth. 
 Bring a saucepan of  water  to a boil. 
 Prepare a small ice- water  bath by putting  ice  and cold  water  into another saucepan. 
 Blanch the  onions  by boiling for 1 minute, then transferring to ice- water . 
 When the  onions  have cooled, peel them. 
 Place all vegetables (including the  onions ) in the center of a large square of doubled up cheesecloth and tie in a tight bundle. 
 Add the bundle to the pot and simmer for 8 minutes. 
 Add the chorizo and simmer for 3 more minutes, occasionally skimming the surface of the soup. 
 Remove the bundle, cut it open, and add vegetables to serving platter. 
 Strain the broth, then add the  parsley . 
 Ladle the broth into small bowls and serve with  chicken  and vegetables with  mustard  on the side for dipping the  chicken  and vegetables into. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ancho chile Recipes, Bolivian Soups, Brussels sprout Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chorizo Recipes, Corn Recipes, Leek Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sweet potato Recipes, Add category