Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Grilled_Carne_Adovada

Description : 
 Marinated pork medallions, topped with chili Caribe served with beans, posole, and fresh flour tortillas 
 
 Contributed by  PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 Adovada : 
 1 (9-pound)  pork loin  cut into 36 (½-inch) thick medallions 
 1 cup  olive oil  or  vegetable oil 
 ½ cup  red chile powder 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 1 tablespoon  garlic powder 
 2 teaspoons ground  cumin 
 Worcestershire sauce 
 Chile Caribe : 
 25 red  chiles 
 2 quarts  water 
 ½ tablespoon  salt 
 2 tablespoons chopped  garlic 
 2 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 Beans (vegetarian) : 
 3 cups  pinto beans 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 ½ cup  olive ,  corn , or  vegetable oil 
 pinch ground  cumin , optional 
 Posole : 
 3 cups  hominy 
 ½ cup  red chile powder 
 ½  white  or  red onion , thinly sliced 
 1 teaspoon dried  oregano 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 Flour tortillas : 
 4 cups  flour 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 1 tablespoon  baking powder 
 1½ cups lukewarm  water 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil 
 Directions : 
 Adovada : 
 Place the pork medallions in a shallow pan. 
 Add olive oil (or vegetable oil), red chili powder, salt, garlic powder, cumin, and a dash of worcestershire sauce. 
 Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, up to 24 hours. 
 Chile Caribe : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 De-seed the chiles and put on a baking sheet. 
 Bake for 1 to 2 minutes until skin starts to blister and they begin to toast. 
 Remove from the oven and put into pot of water with salt, garlic, cumin, bring to a boil and boil for 5 to 10 minutes. 
 When done add the chiles to a blender, using the water you boiled them in, and blend to a smooth consistency. 
 Return to the saucepan and simmer over low heat. 
 Beans : 
 Cook the beans in either a pressure cooker or slow cooker until tender, about 1 hour or so in a pressure cooker. 
 When done, add salt, vegetable oil (olive oil), and/or cumin. 
 Posole : 
 Boil the posole (hominy) in a pressure cooker until done about 1½ hours. 
 Then add some red chile powder, thinly sliced onion, oregano, and salt. 
 Boil for another 15 to 20 minutes. 
 Assembly: preheat a grill to high. 
 Place the marinated pork medallions on the grill. 
 Cook for about 2 minutes per side, this will cook quickly, don't overcook, you want to keep them moist inside. 
 Layer 3 pork medallions on a plate, ladle chile Caribe over the pork and finish with the beans and posole. 
 Serve with warm flour tortillas. 
 Flour tortillas : 
 Mix all of the ingredients together with your hands into large ball. 
 Wrap with plastic wrap and let stand for 20 minutes. 
 Form into balls that are slightly smaller than golf balls. 
 Flatten each ball with a rolling pin into 6 to 8-inch circles that are ⅛-inch thick. 
 Place on a dry, hot griddle and cook until brown on both sides, about 1 minute per side. 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Pork loin Recipes, Red chile powder Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Pinto bean Recipes, Hominy Recipes, Onion Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category