Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hashwe

        
 Description : 
 Arabian stuffed vegetables - Everyone in the Middle East loves stuffed vegetables. I believe they are a desert invention. This recipe is not difficult to prepare and the results are redolent of the Arabian Nights!
 
 This recipe is for 4 serves. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  water 
 1 cup  long-grain rice  raw 
 Stuffing : 
 ½ lb finely  ground lamb 
 ½ lb finely  ground beef 
 1 pinch ground  cinnamon 
 ¾ tsp ground  allspice 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground  black pepper  to taste 
 3 tbsp  butter 
 Vegetables for stuffing : 
 Choose any of the following or any combination. The mixture will fill:
 
 4 medium  tomatoes , tops cut off and hollowed out for stuffing. 
 6 medium  zucchini , cut into 3-inch lengths, hollowed out with a corer, placed on end for stuffing. 
 4 medium  bell peppers , tops cut off and cored and seeded for stuffing. 
 Cooking sauce : 
 ½ cup  water 
 ¼ cup canned  tomato sauce 
 1 x  lemon juice  only 
 Directions : 
 In a 2-quart covered saucepan bring 2 cups of  water  to a boil. Add the  rice , return to the boil, cover and turn off the heat. Let stand for 5 minutes. 
 Drain and cool before proceeding with the recipe. 
 Mix the cooked  rice  thoroughly with the stuffing ingredients. 
 Fill the vegetables loosely with the  rice  mixture. It will expand during cooking, so do not pack; leave room at the top or the sides. Arrange the vegetables in a covered deep skillet. 
 Simmer, covered, along with the  water ,  tomato  sauce and  lemon juice  on stovetop over low flame (30 minutes for  bell peppers  and  zucchini ; 20 minutes for  tomatoes ). 
 Check  water  to see that it is not evaporating. If it gets low add more hot hater. 
 Variation : 
 Use the same hashwe to stuff a  chicken  or  turkey  or wrap in partially cooked fresh  grape leaves ,  Swiss chard ,  cabbage  or slices of  eggplant . 
 Cloves of  garlic  added to the cooking liquid impart authentic flavor. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/78/Stuffedpeppers1.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004739']
Categories: Saudi Arabian Meat Dishes, Tomato Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Add category