Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Costa_Rican_Terrine_with_Coconut-Date_Vinaigrette

Ingredients : 
 Terrine : 
 3 large  potatoes  (about 1½ pounds), peeled and cut into large chunks 
 2 canned  chipotle chiles , seeded 
 2 cups  milk 
 salt  to taste 
 white pepper  to taste 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 2 teaspoons  unflavored gelatin 
 2 teaspoons cold  water 
 2 tablespoons boiling  water 
 1 can (16 ounces)  hearts of palm , drained, and patted dry 
 Coconut-Date Vinaigrette : 
 1 cup canned  coconut milk 
 ¼ cup  Coco López 
 1 cup  dark rum 
 1 cup  red wine vinegar 
 ½ cup  sherry vinegar 
 1 small  onion , cut into ½-inch dice 
 ¼ cup extra virgin  olive oil 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 6  dates , pitted and sliced 
 Garnish : 
 2 cups shaved  coconut 
 8 ounces fresh  goat cheese , crumbled 
 1 pound mixed  greens , washed and patted dry 
 Herb Toast : 
 1 loaf  French bread 
 ½ cup  butter 
 4 cloves  garlic , peeled and minced 
 ¼ cup fresh  parsley , chopped 
 salt  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Terrine : 
 Combine the  potatoes , chipotles, and  milk  in a large saucepan. 
 Bring the  milk  to a gentle boil and cook over medium heat until the  potatoes  are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Strain the  milk  from the  potatoes  and set the  potatoes  and chiles aside. 
 Return the  milk  to the pan and gently simmer until it has reduced to about ⅓ cup. 
 Meanwhile, press the  potatoes  and chiles through a coarse sieve into a large bowl. 
 Stir in the  salt ,  pepper , and  olive oil , and set aside. 
 In a mixing bowl, dissolve the  gelatin  with the cold  water  and then stir in the boiling  water . 
 Set aside. 
 Remove the  milk  from the heat and stir in the dissolved  gelatin . 
 Slowly blend this mixture into the  potatoes  until they are thickly textured. 
 Line a 9 by 4-inch loaf pan (or other shaped pan, as desired) with plastic wrap; the wrap should extend over the edges of the pan by a couple of inches on all sides. 
 Place one third of the  potato  mixture in the bottom of the pan and spread out evenly. 
 Add a layer of half of the  hearts of palm  and then another layer of one third of the  potato  mixture. 
 Add the remaining  hearts of palm  and top with the remaining  potato  mixture. 
 Fold over the plastic wrap to cover the top layer and chill in the refrigerator overnight. 
 Coconut-Date Vinaigrette : 
 Combine the  coconut milk ,  Coco López ,  rum , vinegars, and  onion  in a saucepan and reduce over high heat to 1 cup, about 15 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat and let cool. 
 When cool, whisk in the  olive oil  and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Stir in the  dates . 
 Assembly : 
 Preheat the oven to 400°F. 
 Melt the  butter  in a small saute pan; add the  garlic  and  parsley  and saute 2 minutes. 
 Cut the bread into ½-inch-thick slices. 
 Brush on the  garlic  mixture and add  salt . 
 Place slices on a baking sheet and bake for 5 to 8 minutes, or until browned. 
 Meanwhile, unfold the top covering of plastic wrap from the terrine, and gently invert the loaf pan on a serving platter, running a knife around the inside edge if necessary. 
 Carefully remove the plastic wrap and cut the terrine into slices. 
 Garnish with the  coconut ,  goat cheese , and greens and serve with the herb toast and vinaigrette on the side. 
 
 
 
Categories: Coconut Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Coconut cream Recipes, Costa Rican Salads, Dark rum Recipes, Dates Recipes, French bread Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Goat cheese Recipes, Heart of palm Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category