Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cuban_Rum_Cake_with_Rum_Syrup

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Serves 12 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake : 
 3 cups  all purpose flour 
 2 teaspoons  baking powder 
 ½ teaspoon  baking soda 
 pinch of  salt 
 1½ cups (3 sticks)  butter , softened 
 1½ cups  granulated sugar 
 2 teaspoons pure  vanilla extract 
 3 large  eggs , plus 1 large  egg yolk 
 2 tablespoons grated  lemon peel 
 ½ cup  dark rum 
 ¼ cup  banana liqueur 
 1 cup  heavy whipping cream 
 Rum syrup : 
 5 ounces (10 tablespoons)  butter 
 ¼ cup  dark rum 
 ¼ cup  banana liqueur 
 ¾ cup  granulated sugar 
 powdered sugar  for dusting 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Cake : 
 To make the cake, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside. 
 With an electric mixer, cream together the butter and sugar. 
 Add vanilla, eggs, and egg yolk and beat until blended. 
 Beat in the lemon peel and then add the rum and banana liqueur. 
 Gradually add the flour mixture to the creamed mixture, alternating with the whipping cream. 
 Blend mixture until just combined. 
 Pour batter into a well-greased and floured bundt (circular ring) pan and bake approximately 1 hour. 
 A skewer inserted in the cake should come out clean. 
 Rum syrup : 
 To make the syrup, melt the butter in a 2 -quart saucepan. 
 Add rum, banana liqueur, and sugar. 
 Slowly bring to a rolling boil, reduce heat to medium and cook until it reduces somewhat, about 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Do not overcook. 
 Let cool. 
 Remove cake from the oven and place it on a cooling rack. 
 Leaving the cake in the pan, use a skewer and poke holes all over the cake. 
 Spoon the syrup evenly over the cake. 
 Let stand for 30 minutes, so that the syrup soaks in. 
 Serving : 
 Finally, carefully turn the cake over (out of its pan) onto a serving plate. 
 Dust with powdered sugar if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Cuban Desserts, Cake Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Dark rum Recipes, Banana liqueur Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Add category