Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dilly_Brunch_Pockets

Ingredients : 
 10 3/4corn tortillas (about 6 inches) 
 1 large Italian  plum tomato  cut in half, seeded and chopped (1/2 cup) 
 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sliced  green onions 
 1 tsp chopped fresh  dill weed  or 1/4 
 1 tbsp  margarine  or  butter 
 6  eggs , slightly beaten 
 1 package (5 to 6 ounces) sliced Canadian  Bacon  or 12 thin slices, folded in half 
 1 cup shredded  Cheddar   Cheese  (optional) 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 To warm and fold  corn  tortillas, briefly cook each tortilla on both sides in a non-stick skillet, about 1 minute (do not over cook), and fold in quarters. Keep prepared tortillas covered with cloth towel until all tortillas are folded and ready to be filled. 
 In 10-inch non-stick skillet, briefly saute  tomato  and 1/4 cup  green onions  with dill in  margarine . 
 Add beaten  eggs ,  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Cook over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally until  eggs  are just cooked, but still soft. Remove from heat. 
 To fill each tortilla, place 1 slice of Canadian  Bacon  in one  pocket  of folded tortilla; fill second  pocket  with about 2 tablespoons  egg  mixture. As each tortilla is filled, arrange overlapping in shallow 12x8x2 inch baking dish (lightly brushed with  margarine  or sprayed with no stick  cooking spray ). 
 Sprinkle with  Cheese , if desired, and remaining 2 tablespoons chopped  green onion . 
 Bake at 350 degrees F for 15 to 20 minutes, or until just heated through. 
 Note: Can also be made with  wheat flour  tortillas (about 6 = inches). Warm  wheat flour  tortillas on both sides in non-stick skillet about 30 seconds before folding in quarters. 
 
 
 Nutritional Information : 
 Per serving:(without  Cheese ) 242 calories, 14g protein, 24g carbohydrates, 10g total fat, 2g dietary fiber 
 (with  Cheese ) 318 calories, 19g protein, 24g carbohydrates, 16g fat, 2g dietary fiber 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Breakfasts, Party Recipes, Dill leaf Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Add category