Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baklava_Pinwheels


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb. strudel or  fillo  pastry sheets 
 1/2 lb.  sweet butter , melted 
 1/2 lb.  walnuts , coarsely ground 
 1/4 lb.  blanched almonds  coarsely ground 
 1/4 lb.  sesame seeds  (unsalted) 
 1 tbsp. ground  cinnamon 
 1 tbsp.  icing sugar 
 SYRUP:
 
 3 cups  Sugar 
 4 cups  water 
 Juice of 1/4  lemon 
 1 piece  orange peel 
 1 piece  lemon peel 
 1/2 cup liquid  Honey 
 Directions : 
 Toast the  almonds  and  sesame seeds  for about 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Combine with the  walnuts ,  cinnamon  and  Sugar . Melt the  butter  over low heat and lightly grease a large baking pan which is at least 1/2 inch deep. 
 On your work area, take the pastry sheets one by one and, using a pastry brush, spread each with melted  butter , one on top of the other making seven layers. Again brush the top sheep. Sprinkle the nut mixture from the long side of the rectangle to the center, leaving the other half clear. Roll the pastry from the nut-sprinkled side, jelly-roll fashion, to make a complete roll with the  nuts  in the center and sheets of pastry around them. Repeat these same steps over and over again until all the sheets and nut mixture have been used. Brush each roll with  butter . Preheat the oven to 350 F. and bake for about 45 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 FOR SYRUP: Bring the  Sugar ,  water  and peel to a boil and allow to simmer for 45 minutes or until the syrup is  Honey  coloured. Remove from the heat and add  lemon juice  and  Honey . When the baklava is baked, remove from the oven and let cool slightly. Cut in 2 inch diagonal pieces and return to oven to heat thoroughly. Remove from the oven again and cover with warm (not hot) syrup, using all the syrup. 
 Before adding syrup, cut in 1 inch slices and arrange in baking pan, cut side down, resembling a pinwheel. Pour syrup over as directed above. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Citrus Desserts, Lemon peel Recipes, Macedonian Desserts, Macedonian Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sesame seed Recipes, Add category