Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/BBQ_Chicken_and_Cheddar_Foil_Packet_Dinner

This simple-to-make meal is a nice change from the usual camping or grill food.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Preparation Time: 15 Minutes | Cooking Time: 37 Minutes 
 Serves: 4 Person(s) 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp  barbecue sauce 
 4 small boneless, skinless  chicken breast  halves (about 1 lb) 
 2 small unpeeled  red potatoes , thinly sliced 
 1 red or  green bell pepper , seeded and sliced 
 1  green onion , finely chopped 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ⅛ tsp  black pepper 
 1½ cup shredded reduced-fat  cheddar  cheese 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F 
 Place a foil sheet, approximately 12 x 12 inches, on a work surface. 
 Spoon about 1 teaspoon of the barbecue sauce in the center of the foil sheet. 
 Place one  chicken  breast half over barbecue sauce and spread another teaspoon of sauce over  chicken . 
 Top with a quarter of the  potato ,  bell pepper  and  onion . 
 Sprinkle with a little of the salt and  pepper . 
 Fold foil in half to cover contents; make narrow folds along edges to seal. 
 Repeat with remaining ingredients to assemble three more packets. 
 Place packets on a baking sheet and bake for 35 minutes. 
 Open foil packets with scissors and carefully pull back edges (contents may be very hot). 
 Sprinkle a quarter of the  cheese  over the top of each  chicken  breast half and return to oven, unsealed, for 2minutes or until  cheese  is melted. 
 With a spatula, transfer the contents of each packet onto individual serving plates, if desired. 
 For camping or outdoor grill : 
 Pre-heat charcoal or grill and place packets on grill. 
 Cook until  chicken  is cooked through. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per Serving:
 
 Calories: 286 | Kilojoules: 1,197 kJ | Fat: 4.8 g | Carbohydrates: 19.0 g | Protein: 40.0 g | Cholesterol: 77.0 Mg | Sodium: 753 Mg | Saturated Fat: 2.3 g | Fiber: 2.4 g | Calcium: 207.0 Mg | Total Sugars: 3.0 g 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Cheddar Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Prepared barbecue sauce Recipes, Add category