Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Orange_Curry_Beef_with_Cucumber_Raita

Description 
 Curry Orange Beef  from the  Public Health Cookbook  by the Seattle & King County Department of Public Health—original source of recipe, public domain government resource
 
 Cook Time : 1 hour, 10 minutes 
 Serves : 4 
 Ingredients 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 2 small  shallots , halved 
 2  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1 pound lean  beef , extra fat trimmed, cut into ¾-inch cubes 
 3 tablespoons  curry paste 
 2 cups low sodium  beef broth 
 3 medium sized  oranges 
 2 teaspoons  cornstarch 
 Jasmine rice , optional 
 Cucumber Raita 
 ½ of a medium sized  cucumber , grated 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup plain, low fat  yogurt 
 2 tablespoons fresh  mint , chopped 
 2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 Directions 
 Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add shallots, garlic and beef and cook for 5 minutes until beef is browned on all sides. 
 In a medium bowl, combine curry paste and beef broth and stir until curry is blended. Pour into beef mixture. Bring to a boil then lower heat to medium-low, cover and simmer for 1 hour. 
 Take one orange and wash the outside with warm water and soap to remove any leftover germs from customer handling at the store then dry. Next, gently grate the outer peel of the orange but avoid any of the bitter white pith. Place grated peel in a small bowl. Cut the orange in half then squeeze out the juice into a separate bowl. Peel the remaining two oranges then segment them apart. Cut down the length of a segment then carefully remove the flesh from the segment skin and set aside. 
 Blend the cornstarch with the orange juice until thoroughly mixed then pour the juice and grated peel into the beef mixture 5 minutes before the 1 hour simmering time is done. Stir until the sauce starts to thicken. Stir in the orange segments, cover and let simmer for 5 minutes. 
 Combine all ingredients of the cucumber raita and place in a serving bowl. 
 Serve the beef with jasmine rice and pass the raita at the table. 
 
 
 
Categories: Yogurt Recipes, Curry Recipes, Beef Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Orange Recipes, Indian Meat Dishes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Add category