Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Reuben_Sandwich

Description : 
       Reuben Sandwich     
 Modern-day Reuben sandwiches are often open-faced and broiled, which dries out the  corned beef  and makes the  cheese  rubbery. Or, under the misguided belief that more is better, they are overstuffed. The main things to remember for a great Reuben are to keep the filling under control and in balance, so when you bite into it you get a harmonious and succulent mouthful; and to grill the sandwich slowly and under some pressure, so the bread gets toasty brown and buttery crisp, the meat gets warmed through, and the  cheese  is just melted enough to be oozy. 
 
 Servings 1. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 slices  rye bread   or   pumpernickel 
 2 teaspoons  butter , at room temperature 
 2 tablespoons Reuben's Russian dressing 
 ¼ cup well-drained, fresh-style  sauerkraut 
 2 ounces thinly sliced  Gruyère  or Switzerland  Swiss cheese 
 ¼ pound thinly sliced  corned beef 
 Directions : 
 Butter  each slice of bread evenly to the edges on one side. 
 Place one slice, buttered side down, in a small cold skillet: build the sandwich in the skillet you'll grill it in. 
 Spread 1 tablespoon of the Russian dressing on the face-up, dry side of the bread. 
 Then put on the  sauerkraut , spreading it evenly. 
 Arrange the  cheese  in an even layer over the  sauerkraut , then do the same with the  corned beef . 
 Spread another 1 tablespoon Russian dressing on the dry side of the second slice of bread and place it, dressing side down, buttered side up, over the  corned beef . 
 Place the skillet over medium-low heat and grill the sandwich slowly, pressing down on it a few times with a wide metal spatula. 
 Grill until the bread is browned and crisped, then turn the sandwich over with the help of the spatula. 
 Now weigh the sandwich down by placing a plate (or another small skillet) over the sandwich, then adding on a weight, such as a 28-ounce can of tomatoes (or any other canned good). 
 Grill until the second side has browned and crisped, then flip the sandwich over one more time to briefly reheat the other side. 
 Serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/9/95/304061459.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004421']
Categories: New Zealand Snacks, Sandwich Recipes, Corned beef Recipes, Swiss cheese Recipes, Sauerkraut Recipes, Rye bread Recipes, Gruyère Recipes, Add category