Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Parsnip

      Parsnip     
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Availability, Selection, Storage, and Preparation 
 3   Parsnip Recipes 
 
 3.1   Foodie Recipes Containing Parsnips 
 
 
 4   Source 
 
 
 Description : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Parsnip on Wikipedia 
 The parsnip is a root vegetable related to the carrot, which it resembles, although it has a paler color and a stronger flavor. Like carrots, parsnips are native to Eurasia and have been eaten there since ancient times. Indeed, until the potato arrived from the New World, its place in dishes was occupied by the parsnip. Parsnips can be boiled, roasted or used in stews, soups and casseroles.
 Parsnips look like a pale  carrot  and are actually a relative of the carrot, celeriac, and parsley root. Commonly found in Europe, this root vegetable arrived to the United States with the colonists. Popular in the 19th and early 20th centuries for its celery flavor and nutty fragrance, this vegetable was often used in recipes that called for caloric decadence.
 
 Availability, Selection, Storage, and Preparation : 
 Parsnips are available year round with a peak from fall into spring. They are often displayed with the parsley root, so be sure you know which is a parsnip. Parsley roots are typically sold with their feathery greens whereas parsnips are sold by the root. 
 Select medium sized roots with uniform creamy beige skin. Avoid limp, pitted, or shriveled roots. Store parsnips unwashed wrapped in paper towel, placed in plastic, and store in the vegetable crisper of the refrigerator for about 2 weeks.
 Wash, peel, and trim parsnips as you would a carrot. If steaming, then the parsnips skins will slip off after cooking. If pureeing parsnips, then leave skins intact.
 
 Parsnip Recipes : 
 Foodie Recipes Containing Parsnips : 
 Fruit and Vegetable Medley 
 Roasted Root Vegetables 
 Root Soup 
 Roots -- Quick & Simple 
 Source : 
 Vegetable of the Month: Root Vegetables  by the US Centers for Disease Control & Prevention 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/04/Parsnip1.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20080516004428']
Categories: Roots, Add category