Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cap_Cay

Description : 
 Indonesian-style chop suey.  Cap cay  (pronounced: tsaap tsaay, traditional Chinese: 雜碎, simplified Chinese: 杂碎, hanyu pinyin: zá suì) is Indonesian food that is from the influence of Chinese food. Indonesian people already adapt this recipe and is eaten everywhere throughout Indonesia by everybody, not only by Indonesian Chinese. But Indonesian Chinese version is more elaborate and consists of more ingredients including chicken liver and baby corn.
 The word "cap cay" is from Chinese Fujian dialect which means "mixed vegetables". Americans know this food by the name of "chop suey" but the Indonesian style is a bit different. Many people think that this recipe must use ten kinds of vegetable because the word "cap" in Fujian dialect very much resemble the word "cap" from that very same dialect which means "ten". But actually, how many types of vegetables used is not important.
 Although this is a vegetable recipe, you can add pork, beef, chicken, tofu, meatball, fish meatball, or shrimp too. Actually, you can add all kinds of ingredients you think would fit in. Pork is usually used by Indonesian Chinese. Indonesian Muslim replace the pork with beef or chicken. This recipe is very easy and fast to cook.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 medium size carrots, sliced 
 10  beef  meatballs, sliced thinly and round 
 2  carrots , peeled and sliced thinly diagonally 
 100 g  cauliflower , cut according to each piece of the flower 
 100 g  mustard greens , cut about 3 inches length each 
 2  green onion , sliced diagonally about 1 cm length each 
 2 cloves of  garlic , chopped 
 2 teaspoon  ginger , chopped 
 ½ big  Brown onion , sliced thinly 
 1 teaspoon  olive oil  or  vegetable oil  for sautéing ( see :  Opor Ayam  for details of Indonesian-style sautéing) Indonesian Chinese prefer to use or add a bit of pork fat for more flavour. 
 100 ml  chicken stock 
 Sauce : 
 1 teaspoon  cornflour  dissolved in 50 ml  water 
 pepper  and  salt  or salty  soy sauce  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Heat oil. 
 Sauté garlic and ginger until it smells good. 
 Add Indian onions, stir until withered. 
 Add meatballs and carrot, cook until the carrots are withered. 
 Add stock, cook until boiled. 
 Add cauliflower, mustard greens and green onion. Cook until the vegetables are crisp but still fresh. 
 Add the solution of cornflour. 
 Add pepper and salt (or soy sauce) to your taste. Stir a bit. 
 Cook until the sauce is thick enough. 
 Serve hot with rice or eaten by itself. 
 Variation : 
 For vegetarians, omit the meat ingredients and stock, and use olive oil or vegetable oil. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Chop Suey Recipes, Indonesian Meat Dishes, Indonesian Vegetarian, Mustard greens Recipes, Add category