Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bone_a_Fidos


 
 Ingredients : 
 2¼ tsp  dry yeast  (or 1 packed tablespoon compressed  fresh yeast ) 
 ¼ cup (liquid measure) warm  water 
 pinch of  sugar 
 3½ cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 cups  whole wheat flour 
 2 cups  cracked wheat  or 1 cup  cornmeal 
 1 cup  rye flour 
 ½ cup  non-fat dry milk  (lightly spooned into the cup) 
 4 tsp  kelp  powder 
 4 cup  beef  or  chicken broth  (liquid measure) 
 Glaze : 
 1 large  egg 
 2 tbsp  milk 
 Directions : 
 Equipment: cookie sheets lined with parchment or aluminum foil; rolling pin; 3-3½" bone cutter or 2 ½" round cookie cutter. 
 Place 2 oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. 
 Preheat oven to 300°F. 
 Sprinkle the  dry yeast  or crumple the  compressed yeast  over the  water  (110f if  dry yeast , 100°F if  compressed yeast ). 
 Add a pinch of  sugar  and allow the  yeast  to sit in a draft-free spot for 10-20 minutes. 
 The mixture should be full of bubbles. 
 If not, the  yeast  is too old to be useful. 
 In a large bowl, place all the dry ingredients and stir to blend them. 
 Add the  yeast  mixture and 3 cups of the broth. 
 Using your hands, in the bowl, mix to form the dough, adding more broth if needed to make the dough smooth and supple. 
 Half a batch at a time, knead the dough briefly on a lightly floured counter. 
 Keep the second batch of dough covered with a moist towel while shaping and cutting the first 
 Roll out the dough into an 18 x 13 x ¼" rectangle. 
 Cut it into desired shapes, using a 3 - 3½-inch bone cutter or a 2½-inch round cookie cutter. 
 Reroll the scraps. 
 Repeat the procedure with the remaining dough. 
 For an attractive shine, lightly beat together the  egg  and  milk . 
 Brush the glaze on the cookies. 
 Bake for 45 to 60 minutes or until brown and firm. 
 For even baking, rotate the cookie sheets from top to bottom three quarters of the way through the baking period. 
 Use a small, angled metal spatula or pancake turner to transfer the cookies to wire racks to cool completely. 
 Store in an airtight container at room temperature. 
 The dough must be used immediately. 
 The baked cookies will keep for many months. 
 Allow cookie sheets to cool completely between batches. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Bulgur Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Fresh yeast Recipes, Kombu Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category