Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cepelinai_I


 
 Description : 
 Mushroom filled potato dumplings
 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 10 raw peeled  potatoes 
 6 peeled, boiled and mashed  potatoes 
 salt  to taste 
 Filling : 
 2 pounds  mushrooms , finely chopped 
 2  onions , chopped 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 2  eggs 
 1 cup  bread crumbs 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 Grate raw  potatoes  with the fine side of the grater. 
 Place grated  potatoes  in cheesecloth folded over at least twice. 
 Squeeze as much juice from the grated  potatoes  as possible. 
 Do not discard the juice. 
 Put the  potato  juice aside while preparing the filling. 
 Filling : 
 Heat sauté pan. 
 Add  oil , then  butter . 
 Add the  mushrooms  and  onions . 
 Sauté until all the  mushroom  liquid has reduced. 
 Set aside until cool enough to handle. 
 Continue to work on the  potato  mixture while this is cooling. 
 Place the grated raw  potatoes  and the mashed  potatoes  into a large mixing bowl. 
 Take the reserved  potato  juice and pour off the liquid. 
 You should have  potato starch  left on the bottom of the bowl. 
 Scrape out the starch and add it to the grated  potato  mixture. 
 Add  salt  to taste. 
 Knead with your hands until blended. 
 Go back to the filling mixture and add the  egg , breadcrumbs and seasonings. 
 Assembly : 
 Take a handful of the  potato  dough. 
 Shape first into a ball about the size of a large meatball. 
 Flattened the ball into patty form. 
 Take some of the filling and form it into a ping-pong sized ball. 
 Place it in the center of the patty. 
 Then enclose the patty around the filling, squeezing and smoothing it with your hands so that the  potato  mixture encases the filling, sealing it well. 
 You will end up with a filled  potato  dumpling about the size of a  lemon . 
 Place the dumplings in lightly salted boiling  water . 
 Boil for approximately 30 minutes. 
 Remove from  water  with a slotted spoon and drain well. 
 To serve, top with a dollop of  sour cream . 
 
 
 
Categories: Lithuanian Vegetarian, Dumpling Recipes, Potato Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category