Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Turkey_Tetrazzini

Description : 
 For poultry lovers! Serve up a steamy treat with other main dishes or appetizers to make it appetizing so it then keeps a red-hot aroma with the poultry.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Sauce : 
 ¾ cup  butter  or  margarine 
 ¾ cup  flour 
 3 teaspoons  salt 
 ⅛ teaspoon  nutmeg 
 1 quart  milk 
 4  egg yolks 
 1 cup  heavy cream 
 ½ cup dry  sherry 
 Turkey broth : 
 1  turkey  carcass 
 3 cups  water 
 3  parsley  sprigs 
 2  carrots , pared and halved 
 3  celery tops , regular or Chinese 
 2  onions , halved, red or white only 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 10  black peppercorns 
 1  bay leaf 
 Casserole : 
 1 (1 lb.) package thin  spaghetti 
 6 cups leftover cooked  turkey  or cooked  chicken , cut into 1½-inch pieces 
 2 (6 ounce) cans whole  mushrooms , drained 
 1 (8 ounce) package sharp cheese (Cheddar, Swiss, Colby, Parmesan, or Asiago), grated (2 cups) 
 Directions : 
 Turkey stock : 
 Break up the carcass. Place in a stock pot with  water ,  parsley  sprigs,  carrots ,  celery tops ,  onions ,  salt ,  black peppercorns  and  bay leaf . 
 Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, covered 2 hours. 
 Strain; Boil gently, uncovered, to reduce stock to 2 cups. This may be done ahead. 
 Sauce : 
 Melt  butter  in a large saucepan. Remove from heat and mix with  flour ,  salt , and  nutmeg  until smooth. Gradually add  milk  and stock or broth; bring to a boil, stirring constantly. 
 Boil 2 minutes or until slightly thickened. 
 Using a wire whisk beat the  egg yolks  in a small bowl with the heavy  cream . Stir with a little of the hot mixture. 
 Pour back into saucepan; cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the sauce is hot; do not boil. Remove from heat. Stir in the  sherry . 
 Meanwhile, in a large stockpot, bring 6 quarts of  water  to a boil, add 2 tablespoons  salt  and the  spaghetti , cook as a label directs, and drain in the colander. 
 Return  spaghetti  to the kettle. Add 2 cups sauce; toss lightly until  spaghetti  and sauce are well combined. 
 Combine  turkey  and  mushrooms  in a large bowl. Add 2 cups of sauce to this mixture and mix well. 
 Divide the  spaghetti  in half and place in two 12 x 8 x 2-inch baking dishes, arranging around the edges. Spoon half of the  turkey  mixture into the center of each dish. 
 Reserve the rest of sauce for later use. Sprinkle  cheese  over  spaghetti  in each dish. Cover with foil; refrigerate 1 hour or overnight. 
 To bake : 
 Line one of the baking dishes with foil; assemble the casserole as directed. 
 Fold foil over to seal; freeze right in the dish. 
 When frozen, lift out foil; remove dish from freezer. 
 To serve: unwrap, return to casserole dish, and let stand 1 hour to thaw. 
 Bake, covered for 1 hour at 350 degrees or until bubbly. The above preparation makes a company-attractive casserole. Serve hot and plain or with other main dishes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Casserole Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Spaghetti Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chinese celery Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Turkey stock and broth Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Cheese Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Turkey recipes, Poultry Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, World Recipes, Herb Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Spice Recipes, Nutmeg Recipes, Celery Recipes, Onion Recipes, Turkey Recipes, Add category