Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Peanut_Butter_Coconut_Cheesecake


 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Crust 
 2.2   Filling 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Filling 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Chef Aviva's Famous  Peanut   butter   coconut  Cheesecake has been recognized as the best  Peanut   butter  Recipe in New York!
 See Also 
 Chef Aviva's Recipes Wiki Category 
 More of Chef Aviva's Recipes 
 Interview with Chef Aviva 
Chef Profile:  Aviva 
 External Links 
 www.avivaskitchen.com 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 1 1/4 cups crushed, finely,  coconut  cookies 
 6 TB melted  butter 
 1/2 TB  Sugar 
 Filling : 
 16 oz.  cream cheese , room temperature 
 1 cup  Sugar 
 1 cup natural  Peanut   butter 
 1 cup  coconut milk , refrigerated for at least an hour 
 1 TB Real  vanilla extract 
 3  eggs 
 Toasted  coconut , optional, for garnish 
 whipped cream , optional, for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap heavy duty aluminum foil on the
outside of a 9 inch spring form pan. Set aside. For the cookie
crust: melt the  butter  and mix with the  Sugar  and crushed  coconut 
cookies. Push the mixture in to the bottom of the spring form pan and
slightly up the sides. Bake for 10 minutes. Allow to cool slightly
while making the filling.
 
 Filling : 
 On low speed, mix the  cream cheese  for about 30 seconds. 
Add the  Peanut   butter ,  coconut milk  and  Sugar  and mix for another 30
seconds to 1 minute. Do not over mix. You just want the ingredients
incorporated and smooth. Next add the  eggs  and  vanilla  and mix again
for about 30 seconds to 1 minute until the mixture is smooth and  eggs 
are incorporated. Make sure that you scrape the bottom of the bowl
and remix a little if there is still  cream cheese  that has not
incorporated fully into the mixture.
 Pour the filling in to the pre-baked crust and set in a  water  bath in
the oven. Cook for about 50-60 minutes, or until the edges have just
set and the middle is still slightly wobbly. The cheesecake will
fully set as it cools and overnight in the refrigerator. Let the
cheesecake cool completely on a wire rack, about an hour. Carefully
run a small knife around the outside of the cake before covering with
saran wrap and refrigerating (this helps to ensure that there won't be
cracks as it chills). Chill overnight. or at least 8-10 hours. When
removing the cheesecake from the spring form pan, it is helpful to
sometimes heat the bottom over the stove top to loosen the crust from
the pan. Top with toasted  coconut  and a some  whipped cream  and
enjoy!
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f0/Aviva.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004833']
Categories: Cheesecake Recipes, Chef Aviva's Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Add category