Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chile_Mango_Beef_Stew


 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ lbs  beef , lean, trimmed and cut into ½ inch pieces 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 tsp  chile powder 
 1 tsp  sea salt  (to taste) 
 1 tsp ground  black pepper 
 2 large  red potatoes , cut into eight pieces each 
 4 large  carrots , slivered into 1 inch long pieces 
 1  yellow onion , coarsely chopped 
 3 cloves  garlic , coarsely chopped 
 1 tsp Mexican  oregano 
 Sauce : 
 2 cups  chicken stock 
 1 cup  mangos , diced 
 1 tbsp  lime juice 
 1 cup  tomatoes , diced 
 1 tbsp  raisins 
 1 dried  chipotle chile , toasted 
 3 dried  ancho chiles , toasted 
 4 dried  New Mexico chiles , toasted 
 1 tsp dried  cumin  seed, toasted 
 Directions : 
 Saute  onions  and  garlic  in heavy skillet with 1 tbsp. 
 olive oil . 
 Transfer to heavy cooking pot or crock pot. 
 Sprinkle  salt ,  black pepper , and  chile powder  on  beef  stew meat. 
 Brown  beef  in the skillet with  olive oil  and transfer to the cooking pot. 
 Add  potatoes  and  carrots  to cooking pot. 
 Sprinkle with  oregano . 
 For the sauce combine the  chicken stock , diced  mangos ,  tomatoes ,  lime juice  and  raisins  in skillet. 
 Bring to a boil and remove from heat. 
 Wash then toast  dried chiles  by removing stems and seeds and placing on a cooking sheet with  cumin  seed in a 250 °F oven for a few minutes until the chiles are softened and aromatic. 
 Do not burn chiles. 
 Add to skillet containing boiled sauce ingredients, cover and allow to sit 20 – 30 minutes until chiles are soft. 
 Transfer chiles and some of the liquid to blender. 
 Blend starting on low and gradually increase speed. 
 Add the remaining sauce ingredients and reblend thoroughly. 
 Pour over meat and vegetables in cooking pot, bring to low boil then reduce heat and simmer until everything is tender. 
 Several hours to all day. 
 Serve with  flour  tortillas or  sourdough bread . 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chipotle pepper Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mango Recipes, New Mexico green chile Recipes, Poblano pepper Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Red-skinned potato Recipes, Add category