Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tofu_Gumbo

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 Tbs. minced  garlic 
 1/2  Onion , diced 
 1/4 cup Dijon  mustard 
 1/4 tsp.  cayenne pepper 
 1/4 cup  peanut oil 
 1/4 cup  cider vinegar 
 1 Tbs.  brown sugar 
 1 lb.  extra-firm tofu , cut in 1/2-inch cubes 
 3 Tbs. plus 1/4 cup  canola oil 
 1/2  Onion , diced 
 2 ribs  celery , diced 
 1  green pepper , diced 
 1/2 red pepper, diced 
 1 Tbs. minced  garlic 
 1 cup diced canned  tomatoes 
 1 tsp. dried  thyme  leaves 
 1 tsp. dried  oregano 
 1 tsp. dried  basil 
 2  bay leaves 
 2 cups  vegetable stock 
 kosher salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 1/4 lb.  okra , cut in 1/2-inch pieces 
 1/2 cup  all-purpose flour 
 Directions : 
 1. Combine  garlic ,  Onion ,  mustard ,  cayenne pepper ,  peanut oil ,  vinegar  and  brown sugar  in large bowl. Place  tofu  cubes in mixture, and marinate 2 to 24 hours.
 2. Heat 1 tablespoon  canola oil  in large pot over medium heat. Sauté  onions ,
 celery ,  peppers  and  garlic  until  onions  are translucent and vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add  tomatoes ,  thyme ,  oregano ,  basil ,  bay leaves , stock,  salt  and  pepper . Reduce heat to medium-low, and cook 15 to 20 minutes.
 3. Heat 2 tablespoons  oil  in large skillet, and sauté  okra  until light brown. Remove from skillet, and add to  tomato  mixture.
 4. Drain  tofu , keeping diced  Onion . Reheat skillet, and sauté  tofu  until lightly browned. Remove from skillet, and add to  tomato  mixture.
 5. Heat remaining 1/4 cup  oil  in skillet, and whisk in  flour . Continue whisking mixture, or roux, until it is light brown and smells slightly nutty, for 3 to 4 minutes.
 6. Reheat  tomato  mixture over medium heat, and stir in roux 1 tablespoon at a time. Continue to stir until  gumbo  is consistency of gravy. Remove from heat, and serve over  white corn   grits  Soufflé. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Canola oil Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Extra-firm tofu Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Grits Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Add category