Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Scotch_Truffles

Ingredients : 
 1½ lbs good-quality  unsweetened chocolate 
 2  egg yolks 
 1 cup  confectioner's sugar 
 ½ cup heavy or  whipping cream 
 4 tbsp (½ stick)  unsalted butter 
 ¼ cup  Scotch whiskey 
 30 whole shelled  hazelnuts 
 1 cup sifted  unsweetened cocoa powder , for dusting 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 375 °F. 
 Place 10 oz of the  chocolate  in a heavy saucepan, and melt over low heat. 
 Remove the pan from the heat and set aside. 
 Combine the  egg yolks  and ½ cup of the confectioner"s  sugar  in a large bowl, and  cream  until well blended. 
 Combine the  cream ,  butter , and remaining ½ cup  sugar  in a medium-size saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring until the  butter  and  sugar  are thoroughly melted. 
 Slowly pour the hot  sugar  mixture over the  egg yolk  mixture, whisking constantly. 
 Mix thoroughly and set aside to cool slightly. 
 Then stir in the melted  chocolate  and the  scotch ; beat for 1 minute. 
 Place the mixture in the refrigerator and chill until firm, 30 to 45 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, place the  hazelnuts  on a baking sheet and toast them in the oven for 15 minutes. 
 Remove them from the oven and rub handfuls of  nuts  in a kitchen towel to remove the skins. 
 Set them aside. 
 Roll a spoonful of the chilled  chocolate  around each  hazelnut  to form a truffle about 1 inch in diameter. 
 Set them on a baking sheet lined with waxed paper, and chill thoroughly in the refrigerator 2 to 3 hours. 
 Melt the remaining 14 oz  chocolate  in a heavy saucepan over low heat. 
 Remove the pan from the heat. 
 Sprinkle a shallow dish generously with  cocoa . 
 Dip each truffle in the melted  chocolate , covering it completely. 
 Then lift it out with a fork and roll it in the  cocoa . 
 Arrange the  truffles  on the baking sheet again, and chill before serving. 
 Chocolate truffles Videos : 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Christmas Candy, Cocoa Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Hazelnut Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Recipes with video instruction, Scotch Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Add category