Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Shiitake_Pot_Stickers_with_Sesame_Dipping_Sauce

Ingredients : 
 1 oz dried  shiitake mushrooms 
 1 tbsp  sesame oil 
 1 tbsp minced  fresh ginger 
 ⅓ cup minced  leeks , white and green parts 
 ⅓ cup minced  scallions , white and green parts 
 5 canned  water chestnuts , minced 
 2 tbsp  tamari  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp  Chinese rice wine   or  dry  sherry 
 3 oz  pressed tofu 
 24 round  wonton wrappers 
 cornstarch  for dusting 
 peanut oil  for cooking 
 Sesame Dipping Sauce 
 Directions : 
 Place dried  mushrooms  in medium-sized bowl and cover with 2 cups boiling  water . Let sit for 20 to 30 minutes, or until softened. Drain and discard liquid. 
 Mince  mushrooms . 
 Heat  sesame oil  in large skillet over medium heat. 
 Cook  ginger  for about 30 seconds, add  mushrooms  and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring constantly. 
 Add  leeks , scallions,  water chestnuts , tamari soy sauce and cook for 30 seconds, stirring constantly. 
 Mince  tofu  in food processor. Add to  mushroom  mixture. Cool for 10 minutes. 
 Line cookie sheet with parchment paper and dust with  cornstarch . 
 To assemble, place wrapper on work surface; keep unused wrappers under plastic wrap. Put 2 to 3 tablespoons filling in middle. Moisten edges of wrapper with  water . Fold wrapper in half over filling, pinching shut at center. 
 Starting on right side of sealed edge and working towards midpoint, pinch small pleats in wrapper edges. 
 Repeat from left side. Put pot sticker on cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining ingredients. 
 Dust each pot sticker with  cornstarch . 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  peanut oil  in large skillet over medium-high heat for 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Arrange 8 pot stickers, pleat side up, in skillet. Cook 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or dark golden brown and crispy. Adjust heat. 
 Wipe pan out with paper toweling and repeat. 
 Serve immediately or place on cookie sheet lined with parchment paper, and cover loosely with foil. 
 Keep pot stickers warm in 200 °F oven. 
 Serve with  Sesame Dipping Sauce . 
 
 
 
Categories: Leek Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Water chestnut Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Shaoxing wine Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Wonton noodle Recipes, Add category