Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Multi-grain_Dog_Biscuit_Treats

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 1/2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 cups whole- wheat flour 
 1 cup  rye flour 
 1 cup  cornmeal 
 2 cups  cracked wheat  ( bulgur ) 
 1/2 cup non-fat dry  milk  powder 
 4 tsp  salt 
 2 cups  chicken stock 
 1/4 oz  active dry yeast  (one package) 
 1  egg 
 1 Tbsp  milk 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Combine, in a big bowl, the flours,  cornmeal ,  milk  powder, and  salt . 
 
 In a separate bowl, dissolve  yeast  in 1/4 cup lukewarm  water ; let it sit for a few minutes, until it bubbles. 
 
 Add the  chicken stock  to the  yeast  mixture. Mix well. 
 
 Add the liquid to the dry ingredients. Knead about 3 minutes. The dough should be stiff. 
 
 flour  a board with  cornmeal  and roll out the dough to a thickness of 1/4 inch Cut out biscuits with cookie cutters in appropriate shapes, and place on ungreased cookie sheets. Mix the  egg  and  milk  and use to brush tops of biscuits (for shine), then bake the biscuits for 45 minutes at 300 degrees.
 
 Turn off the heat and leave biscuits in the oven overnight. This will make the biscuits be bone-hard. 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 
 
 
Categories: Bulgur Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Dog food Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Rye flour Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category