Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_Burgundy

Description : 
       Beef Burgundy     
 This is a great winter dish. I find that it is very rich but feels nourishing, and of course means you can drink the rest of the bottle. If by chance, you cannot get button  Mushrooms  or they are too expensive, simply substitute big field  Mushrooms  but quarter them, so they are about the same size as buttons.
 I serve this with  bread  or  pasta , it really depends but I prefer fresh  French bread  with this.
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons  butter 
 3 tablespoons  olive oil 
 500 g  beef 
 2 cloves  garlic , chopped 
 1 slice  bacon , chopped roughly 
 8  pickling onions , peeled and left whole 
 350 g  button mushrooms , whole or cut in half if they are large 
 125 ml  tomato paste 
 250 ml  red wine  (whatever you prefer, I usually use a blend) 
 125 ml  beef stock 
 salt  and  pepper 
 1 teaspoon fresh  thyme 
 Directions : 
 First prepare the  beef , cut any excess fat off and cut into roughly 2 cm cubes. 
 Melt one tablespoon of the  butter  and  olive oil  over a fairly high heat. 
 Sauté the meat in batches, constantly moving it around the pan. It should be well and truly sealed but not cooked through. 
 Remove and drain on paper towels. 
 Repeat with remaining  beef , using an additional tablespoon of  butter  and  oil  if you need it. 
 Add the last tablespoons of  oil  and  butter  to the pan with the  mushrooms ,  onions ,  bacon ,  garlic  and  thyme . 
 Stir until the  onions  gain a little colour. 
 Add the liquids and  tomato  paste to the pan, scrape up all the black bits. 
 Now stir in the meat. 
 Lightly season. You may need to readjust this at the end turn the heat down to low and simmer covered for two to three hours. 
 Towards the end you may wish to remove the lid to thicken up the sauce. Alternatively you could use the slow cooker at this point, but you'd have two things to wash up. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/bd/Beef_Burgundy.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004558']
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Beef Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, French Meat Dishes, White mushroom Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category