Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sfiha_(Laham_bil_Ajeen)

Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 500 g (1 lb 2 oz)  minced lamb 
 2 medium  onions , finely chopped 
 100 ml (3½ fl oz) natural  yoghurt 
 2 teaspoons  tahini 
 1 tablespoon  vinegar 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 pinch of  black pepper 
 ½ tablespoon  garam masala 
 3 large  tomatoes , finely chopped and seeded 
 1 tablespoon  oil 
 Dough : 
 500 g (1 lb 2 oz)  plain flour 
 100 ml (3½ fl oz) natural  yoghurt 
 150 ml (¼ pint)  olive oil 
 2 teaspoons  dry yeast 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 Directions : 
 First soak the  yeast  in 250 ml (9 fl oz) warm  water  then set aside. 
 Place the  salt  and  flour  in a large mixing bowl and stir to combine. 
 Make a well in the centre of the  flour . 
 Next add the  yoghurt  and  olive oil  to the  yeast  and stir then gradually pour the mixture to the  flour  and mix together to form a dough. 
 Knead the dough for 15 minutes, until it is nice and soft and not sticking to the surface of the bowl. 
 Brush a little  olive oil  on the surface of the dough and place in a large bowl, cover with a cloth and leave in a warm place until dough becomes double the size or for 1 – 1½ hours. 
 Heat1 tablespoon of  oil  in a large frying pan and fry the chopped  onions  on medium heat for 3 – 5 minutes until slightly browned. 
 Set aside and leave to cool for 10 minutes. 
 In a separate bowl place the  yoghurt , tahini,  vinegar  and chopped  tomatoes  and mix well, then pour over the fried  onions . 
 Add  salt ,  pepper  and  garam masala  to the mixture, then add the mince and mix well. 
 Take out dough and knead again for 1 minute. 
 Now form and cut dough into disks of 7½ cm (3 inches) in diameter and 1 cm (½ inch) thick. 
 Cover the dough so it does not dry out. 
 Place dough disks on a greased baking tray measuring approx. 40 x 28 cm (16 x 11 inches). 
 Spread 1 – 2 teaspoons of filling onto the dough disks. 
 Decorate with about 3  pine nuts  and press filling firmly onto the dough disks. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Meat Dishes, Arabian Appetizers, Garam masala Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Tahini Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category