Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ethiopian_Honey_Bread_III

Description : 
 Makes one 8 inch (20 cm) round loaf. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pkt  active dry yeast  (1 tbsp, 15 ml) 
 ¼ cup lukewarm  water  (60 ml) 
 1  egg 
 ½ cup  honey  (125 ml) 
 1 tbsp ground  coriander  (15 ml) 
 ½ tsp ground  cinnamon  (2 ml) 
 ¼ tsp ground  cloves  (1 ml) 
 1 tsp  salt  (5 ml) 
 1 cup lukewarm  milk  (250 ml) 
 6 tbsp melted  butter  (90 ml) 
 4 to 4½ cups  all purpose flour  (1 to 1.25 l) 
 Directions : 
 Dissolve the  yeast  in the  water  and allow to "proof" in a warm place for 5 minutes, until it is frothy. 
 Combine the  egg , honey, spices, and  salt  in a deep bowl and stir to combine the ingredients. 
 Add the  yeast  mixture,  milk , and 4 tablespoons (60 ml) of the  butter , stirring to thoroughly combine. 
 Stir in the  flour  ½ cup (125 ml) at a time, adding only enough  flour  to make a dough that can be gathered into a ball. 
 When the dough becomes too stiff to use a spoon, mix in the additional  flour  with your hands. 
 Knead the dough on a lightly floured surface for about 5 minutes, until it is smooth and elastic. 
 Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with a dish cloth. 
 Allow to rise until doubled in volume, about 1 hour. 
 Using a pastry brush, spread the remaining  butter  on the bottom and sides of a round 3 quart (3 l) baking dish, about 3 inches (8 cm) deep and 8 inches (20 cm) in diameter. 
 Punch the dough down and knead for 1 or 2 minutes. 
 Shape the dough into a round and place it in the baking dish, pressing it out so that it covers the entire bottom of the dish. 
 Allow to rise in a warm place until doubled in volume. 
 Bake in a preheated 300°F (150°C) oven for 50 to 60 minutes, until the top is crusty and light golden brown. 
 Turn the loaf out of the baking dish onto a wire rack to cool. 
 This bread may be eaten while still warm or completely cooled, and is traditionally served with  butter  and honey. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ethiopian Snacks, Bread Recipes, Egg Recipes, Honey Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category