Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cornmeal-crusted_Catfish_Fillets

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Makes 4 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 Fish : 
 1¼ pounds  catfish  or  black fish  fillets 
 1 whole  egg  well beaten 
 3 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper , to taste 
 Crust mixture : 
 ½ cup yellow or white  cornmeal 
 1 to 2 teaspoons  chili powder  or  Cajun seasoning  to taste 
 1 teaspoon  garlic powder 
 1 teaspoon  onion powder 
 ½ teaspoon light  salt , or to taste 
 non-fat or canola oil  cooking spray 
 Garnishes : 
 your favorite  salsa 
 light or non-fat  sour cream 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the grill. 
 If you have a grill with a variable temperature control, set it to medium-high (1 or 2 steps below high) or to about 350°F to 400°F. 
 Cut the fish into 4 equal pieces and place in a shallow dish or pie plate. 
 In a small bowl, whisk the egg, cornstarch, salt and pepper until the cornstarch is dissolved. 
 Pour the mixture over the fish. 
 Turn the pieces so that both sides of the fish are coated with the egg mixture. 
 Use immediately, or cover tightly and refrigerate 20 minutes, or up to 1 hour. 
 In a shallow dish use a fork to mix the cornmeal, Cajun seasoning or chili powder, garlic and onion powders and salt, and place the dish near the grill. 
 Dip each catfish fillet into the coating mixture so all sides are covered and place on a large plate. 
 Spray each fillet lightly on both sides with cooking spray. 
 Place fish on the grill and grill 6 to 7 minutes total on a 2-sided contact grill, or 12 to 14 minutes total (6 to 7 minutes on each side) on a hibachi, a combination grill or an infusion grill. 
 To test for doneness: check to make sure the fish is opaque in the center, flaky when pricked with the tip of a knife, and that the interior temperature reaches 135°F to 140°F on an instant-read thermometer. 
 Top each fillet with a dollop of salsa and sour cream or serve it on the side. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Catfish Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Egg Recipes, Add category