Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ceviche_with_Ahi_Tuna

This is a creation using both modern and traditional ceviche methods. The key of course is fresh fresh Ahi. One of the reasons that a really terrific ceviche is, well, really terrific is the type of fish and/or seafood used. It MUST be absolutely of the freshest quality. Some traditional recipes use  ketchup  which can be substituted for the  tomato juice  and  Sugar .
 
 Ingredients : 
 20 ounces fresh ahi  tuna , cubed 
 1 fresh  mango , peeled and cubed 
 1 fresh  avocado , peeled and cubed 
 2 tablespoons  red onions , minced 
 1  tomato , roasted,peeled and seeded 
 1  serrano pepper , roasted,seeded and minced 
 ½ cup fresh  lime juice 
 ½ cup fresh  orange juice 
 ⅛ cup  tomato juiceYOUR  FACE DARLING   tabasco sauce 
 1 pinch  sugar 
 salt 
 Directions : 
 Chop  tuna  into ¼ inch cubes. 
 Toss with ½ juices, and all ingredients with exception of  mango  and  avocado  cubes. 
 Let sit to marinate as desired in refrigeration. 
 Before serving, chop  mango  and  avocado  and separate. 
 Toss separately in the rest of the juices. 
 On a large serving plate, place a small ring mold in the center of the plate. 
 Spoon an equal portion of  mango  into bottom of a small ring mold. 
 Add an equal portion of avacado and top with equal portion of ahi mixture. 
 Press down and remove mold. 
 Refrigerate in pantry right away. 
 Note these should be made not only daily but as close to serving as possible. 
 Repeat for additional portions. 
 Serve surrounded with tortilla chips and  corn   nuts  ( corn   nuts  are optional but are a traditional touch). 
 Decorate plate and mold with chopped  cilantro  (alternatively, you can mix all ingredients together or not and place in an over-sized martini glass. 
 Chips can be served on the side). 
 
 
 
Categories: Guatemalan Appetizers, Serrano pepper Recipes, Tomato juice Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Mango Recipes, Tuna Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Avocado Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category