Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/French_Onion_Pizza

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 tsp. freshly ground  pepper 
 1  bay leaf 
 8 (18 x 14-inch). frozen  phyllo  sheets, thawed 
 24 Greek  black olives , pitted and halved 
 3/4 tsp.  salt 
 1 1/2 Tbs. extra-virgin  olive oil 
 3 lbs.  onions , thinly sliced (10 1/2 cups) 
 1 large clove  garlic , minced 
 1 Tbs.  herbes de Provence 
 Directions : 
 In large, deep nonstick skillet, heat 1 1/2 teaspoons  oil  over medium heat. Add one-third the  onions  and cook, stirring, until slightly wilted, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove to plate.
 
 Repeat twice with remaining  oil  and  onions , removing each batch of  onions  to plate when slightly wilted.
 
 Return all  onions  to skillet. Add  garlic ,  herbes de Provence ,  salt ,  pepper  and  bay leaf . Cook, stirring occasionally, until  onions  are tender and the consistency of a thick, chunky sauce, about 25 minutes.
 
 Remove from heat and cool slightly, stirring occasionally. Discard  bay leaf .
 
 Preheat oven to 400 °F. Lightly coat 15 x 10-inch baking pan with vegetable  cooking spray . Unwrap  phyllo , discard any torn sheets and immediately cover with plastic wrap to prevent drying. Remove wrap and lightly coat top sheet with  cooking spray , starting from outside edge. Lift carefully and center on prepared pan.
 
 Repeat with remaining  phyllo  and more  cooking spray , stacking sheets in pan. Gently ease  phyllo  into corners of pan, then fold or crimp edges to form 1/2-inch raised crust. Spread  Onion  mixture evenly over  phyllo , then sprinkle with .
 
 Bake until  phyllo  is golden brown and shrinks from edges of pan, about 20 minutes. For easy cutting, carefully slide pizza out of pan onto back of another baking pan. Using kitchen scissors, cut into rectangular slices. Serve warm.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Herbes de Provence Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category