Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetarian_Pot_Stickers


 
 Description : 
 Dip these in bowls of soy sauce,  rice vinegar ,  hot chili pepper oil , and  fermented black bean  sauce. 
 
 Makes about 20 pot stickers. 
 ovo-vegetarian (I guess from the pot sticker wrappers?) 
 Ingredients : 
 4 Chinese dried  black (shiitake) mushrooms , soaked in hot  water 
 1 cup  spinach  leaves, chopped 
 ½ cup  napa cabbage , chopped 
 ½ cup  bamboo shoots 
 daikon   or  fresh or canned  water chestnuts , chopped 
 ½ cup pressed  bean curd  or  tofu  - chopped (proven optional or easily reduced) 
 1 tbsp  green onion , minced 
 1 tbsp  fresh ginger , minced 
 2 tbsp  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp  rice wine  or dry  sherry 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch 
 ½ tbsp  sesame oil 
 1 pinch  white  or  black pepper 
 1 lbs pot sticker wrappers, or homemade  sheet pasta 
 2 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 2 cup  vegetable stock 
 Directions : 
 Squeeze excess  water  from  mushrooms . 
 Remove stems and discard; finely chop caps. 
 Place  mushrooms  in a large bowl, and add  spinach ,  cabbage ,  bamboo shoots ,  bean curd ,  green onion ,  ginger  and  garlic  (and anything else you wish at this point-my friend added sprouts and put in less than half the  tofu  called for, and I'll probably add some fresh Japanese  mustard  leaves and  Swiss chard  stalks, and maybe some  carrots  bits, and leave out the  tofu  entirely). 
 Mix gently with soy sauce, wine, cornstarch,  sesame oil , and  pepper . 
 Refrigerate until ready to use. 
 Spoon 1 tablespoon of filling into the center of each pot sticker wrapper (friend said she"s going to stuff them a little fuller next time). 
 Moisten edge of wrapper, fold over to make a half-circle, and pleat edges firmly together. 
 Set each pot sticker upright on a platter, so that a flat base is formed. 
 In a large non-stick or cast iron skillet, heat the 2 teaspoons of  vegetable oil  on medium high. 
 Place pot stickers close together in the pan and fry about 1 minute, or until bottoms begin to brown. 
 Pour enough  vegetable stock  into the pan to cover bottom half of pot stickers. 
 Cover pan, reduce heat to medium, and cook 7 minutes, until the stock evaporates. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (no idea how many constitute a serving, unfortunately) 
 
 cal: 159 (25% from fat, when  bean curd  is used) prot: 7 g fat: 4 g carb: 22 g sod: 343 g chol: 24 mg (pot sticker wrappers again?) fiber: 2 g 
 
 
 
Categories: Bamboo shoot Recipes, Better Digestion Recipes, Daikon Recipes, Fermented black bean Recipes, Napa cabbage Recipes, Pasta sheet Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Rice wine Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Add category