Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Honey-Flaxseed_Waffles_with_Caramelized_Bananas

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 Tbs. flaxseeds 
 1 1/4 cups unbleached  all-purpose flour 
 1/2 cup  soy flour 
 2 tsp.  baking powder 
 1/2 tsp.  baking soda 
 1 1/2 cups plain  soy yogurt  or plain nonfat  yogurt 
 2/3 cup plain  soy milk  or nonfat  milk 
 1/4 cup honey 
 1 Tbs.  vegetable oil 
 1 large  egg  yolk 
 2 large  egg  whites 
 4 large firm, ripe  bananas 
 2 Tbs.  Sugar 
 1 Tbs. fresh  lemon juice 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 200 °F. Coat waffle iron with  cooking spray  and preheat.
 2. Place  flaxseed  in  coffee  grinder or blender; process to measure 1/2 cup  flaxseed  meal. In large bowl, whisk together  flaxseed  meal with  all-purpose flour ,  soy flour ,  baking powder ,  baking soda  and 1/4 tsp.  salt .
 3. In medium bowl, whisk together  soy yogurt ,  soy milk , honey,  oil  and  egg  yolk. Add  yogurt  mixture to  flour  mixture, whisking just until combined.
 4. In small bowl, beat  egg  whites until they make soft peaks. Gently fold into batter.
 5. Ladle 2/3 cup batter (or amount recommended by manufacturer’s directions for your waffle iron) into waffle iron. Close lid and cook until waffles are golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Gently open lid and remove waffle with fork. Serve immediately or transfer to baking sheet and keep warm in oven. Repeat with remaining batter, lightly coating iron with  cooking spray  each time.
 6. While waffles cook, peel  bananas  and cut into 1/2-inch-thick rounds. Transfer to medium bowl and toss with  Sugar  and  lemon juice . Heat large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Transfer  bananas  to skillet and cook, flipping occasionally, until heated through but still firm, 1 to 2 minutes. Top each serving of waffles with 1/3 cup  bananas .
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Banana Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Flax seed Recipes, Soy flour Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Soy yogurt Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category