Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Samoa_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   For the Brown Sugar Batter 
 1.2   For the Chocolate Batter 
 1.3   For the Frosting 
 1.4   For the topping 
 
 
 2   Instructions 
 
 2.1   Create the Dulce de leche frosting (if using canned dulce de leche skip this step) 
 2.2   To make brown sugar batter 
 2.3   To make the chocolate batter 
 2.4   Make the cake 
 2.5   Make the frosting 
 2.6   Assemble the cake 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the Brown Sugar Batter : 
 1 stick of butter softened 
 1 cup of dark brown sugar 
 2 eggs 
 3/4 cup all-purpose flour 
 3/4 tsp baking powder 
 1/2 tsp baking soda 
 1/4 tsp salt 
 1/2 cup whole milk 
 For the Chocolate Batter : 
 1 cup sugar 
 1/4 cup oil 
 1 egg 
 1 tsp vanilla 
 1/2 cup milk 
 3/4 cup + 2 T all-purpose flour 
 1/2 cup + 2 T cocoa powder 
 3/4 tsp baking powder 
 1/2 tsp baking soda 
 1/2 tsp salt 
 1/2 cup boiling water 
 For the Frosting : 
 1 can of sweetened condensed milk **Or substitute canned dulce de leche 
 1/2 cup confectioners sugar 
 2 T vanilla extract 
 2 sticks butter softened 
 1/2 tsp salt 
 1 cup toasted coconut 
 For the topping : 
 1 1/2 cups toasted coconut 
 1/2 cup chocolate chips melted 
 Instructions : 
 Create the Dulce de leche frosting (if using canned dulce de leche skip this step) : 
 Place the whole, unopened can of condensed milk in your crock pot and submerge in at least 3 inches of water. 
 Cook on medium for 10 hours or on high for 7. 
 Alternatively, boil the whole, unopened can on the stove FULLY SUBMERGED AT ALL TIMES for 4 hours. 
 Let it cool. 
 To make brown sugar batter : 
 In a large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy 
 Add eggs, one a a time, beating well after each addition 
 In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt 
 Alternate adding the flour mixture and whole milk to the butter mixture, one at a time, beginning and ending with flour mixture. 
 Set batter aside 
 To make the chocolate batter : 
 Cream sugar and oil together in a large bowl until light and fluffy. 
 Beat in egg, vanilla, and milk 
 In a medium bowl mix together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. 
 Slowly add flour mixture to butter mixture until well combined. 
 Carefully stir in boiling water 
 Make the cake : 
 Preheat oven to 350 Degrees 
 Grease and flour a bundt pan well. 
 This is a marble cake. Pour some of the brown sugar batter into the pan, then top it with some of the chocolate batter. 
 Alternate until both batter bowls are empty. 
 Tap bundt pan on the counter a couple times to remove bubbles. 
 Bake approximately 1 hour or until skewer inserted in center comes out clean. (Mine only took about 50 minutes) 
 Cool in the pan for 15 minutes, then remove from pan and let cool entirely. 
 Make the frosting : 
 Heat oven to 350 degrees. 
 Spread coconut on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until desired color is reached (about 6 minutes) 
 Beat cooled cooked condensed milk (or dulce de leche), butter, confectioners sugar, vanilla and salt for 3 minutes. 
 Add in 1 cup toasted coconut. 
 Chill for 1 hour 
 Assemble the cake : 
 Frost the cake with dulce de leche frosting 
 Toast remaining coconut and press into the sides and top of the frosted cake 
 Melt chocolate chips in the microwave at 30 second intervals, stirring frequently. 
 Place melted chocolate in a pastry bag with a small tip or ziploc bag with a corner cut out about 1/4 inch up from the corner, and drizzle stripes on the cake. 
 
 
 
Categories: Samoa Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Butter Recipes, Dark brown sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Canola oil Recipes, Vanilla Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Water Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Chocolate chip Recipes, Add category