Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cyprian_de_Cotiau%27s_Grilled_Chicken_in_a_Pineapple


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 2  Chicken  breasts, skin-on 
 1 small jar jerk seasoning 
 olive oil  for basting 
 1 large  pineapple 
 1 red  bell pepper  de-seeded 
 1 small  cucumber , peeled and de-seeded 
 1 sprig of fresh  thyme 
 For the Dressing:
 
 1  passion fruit 
 Pinch of  sea salt 
 Pinch of freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 tablespoon  brown sugar 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 Juice of ½  lime 
 Directions : 
 To Marinate the  Chicken : 
 Score the  Chicken  breasts skin-side-up and then smother them liberally with the jerk seasoning, making sure you get into the scored cuts as well. Leave to marinate for up to three hours - the longer you leave them the better the flavor. 
 To Prepare the  pineapple : 
 Cut the  pineapple  in half lengthwise and then cut out the flesh and reserve. You should be left with two hollowed out halves of a  pineapple . 
 To Prepare the Salad: 
 Chop the  pineapple  flesh, the  pepper  and the  cucumber  into bite-sized pieces and place in a bowl. Strip the leaves off the sprig of  thyme  and add to the salad, mixing thoroughly. Pack each  pineapple  half high with the salad. 
 To Cook: 
 Place the marinated  Chicken  breasts on a grill over hot coals or under a hot broiler and cook for 5 –7 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Baste occasionally with  olive oil  to add to the charred flavor. 
 For the Dressing: 
 Scoop out the pulp of the  passion fruit  into a bowl. Add the  salt ,  pepper ,  Sugar ,  olive oil  and the  lime juice . Mix thoroughly. 
 By now the  Chicken  breasts should be cooked. Take them off the coals and let them cool slightly. Slice them on the diagonal into 4 - 5 pieces and then fan out the pieces of one breast over each  pineapple  half. Spoon over the  passion fruit  dressing and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Brown sugar Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Cypriot Meat Dishes, Cypriot Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Passionfruit Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category