Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jasmine_Rice_Mushroom_Salad

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/2 cups raw  jasmine rice , rinsed 
 1 fresh stalk  lemongrass , cut into 3 or 4 pieces 
 1/2 fresh  chile , seeded and minced 
 1 tsp. canola or other  vegetable oil 
 1 1/2 cups boiling  water 
 3/4 cup low-fat or regular  coconut milk 
 1/4 tsp.  salt 
 Dressing 
 1/4 cup low-fat or regular  coconut milk 
 3 Tbs. fresh  lime juice 
 1 tsp.  Sugar 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 2 Tbs. chopped fresh  basil , preferably  Thai basil 
 2 Tbs. chopped fresh coriander or  mint , optional 
 Vegetables 
 1 medium-sized red or  orange   bell pepper 
 8 oz.  asparagus 
 12 oz.  Mushrooms , such as oyster, cremini, shiitake, moonlight or a combination 
 2 tsp. minced or pressed  garlic 
 2 tsp. grated fresh  gingerroot 
 1 tsp. freshly grated  lime  peel 
 1/2 fresh  chile , minced and seeded 
 2 tsp. canola or other  vegetable oil 
 Pinch  salt 
 Chopped fresh  basil  for garnish 
 Roasted  peanuts  or cashews, optional 
 Directions : 
 1. To prepare  rice : In small, heavy pot with tight-fitting lid, sauté  rice ,  lemongrass  and  chile  in  oil  for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add boiling  water ,  coconut milk  and  salt , and bring to a boil. Stir, reduce heat to very low, cover and cook until all liquid absorbed, about 15 minutes.
 2. To prepare Dressing: Whisk together dressing ingredients in bowl, and set aside.
 3. To prepare Vegetables: Seed  pepper , and cut it into thin strips about 11/2 inches long. Blanch strips in boiling  water  for 1 to 2 minutes, until just tender, and set aside in serving bowl. Rinse  asparagus , snap off and discard tough stem ends and cut spears on diagonal into 11/2-inch pieces. Blanch in boiling  water  until just tender, about 3 minutes, and add to serving bowl.
 4. Remove  lemongrass  pieces when  rice  is tender, fluff with fork and set aside to cool. 5. Remove and discard any tough stems from  Mushrooms ; rinse and slice caps into bite-sized pieces. In skillet, combine  garlic ,  ginger ,  lime  peel,  chile  and  oil , and sauté over medium heat for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add  Mushrooms  and  salt , and toss well. Cover, reduce heat and cook until  Mushrooms  are softened and begin to release their juices, 3 to 5 minutes.
 6. Add sautéed  Mushrooms  and cooled  rice  to serving bowl, pour on dressing and toss well. Serve at room temperature, garnished with  basil  and  peanuts  or cashews, if desired.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Asparagus Recipes, Basil Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Jasmine rice Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Lime Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mint Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Add category