Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ten_Golden_Rules_of_Pressure_Cookery

I was just browsing on the miss vickie website
 
       http://www.missvickie.com/     and ran across
 
 these 10 rules of pressure cookery and thought
some newbie's and oldie's too might benefit from
having them grouped together.
Should you visit her site, BEWARE, she has a
thing against electric pressure cookers that we
here on PressureCookerRecipes do not share.
A lot of us love the things.
Other then that it is a great web site that
answers many pressure cooker questions.
Visit and judge for yourself. Many call it their
'Internet PC Bible'.
 Happy trails
Bill
 
Ten Golden Rules of Pressure Cookery
Regardless of the type of pressure cooker you own, these basic safety rules 
apply to all brands and models.
 
1. Check to see that the vent or valve systems are in good working order 
before using a pressure cooker.
 2. Never use less than the minimum amount of liquid as recommended by the 
manufacturer.
 3. Do not exceed the 2/3 full level when cooking most foods; or the 1/2 full 
level when cooking foods that are mostly liquids, foam, froth or expand.
 4. Use high heat to establish the desired pressure and then immediately 
reduce the heat to the lowest level possible that will still maintain that 
pressure.
 5. When not using a recipe always check the Cooking Time Charts for the best 
cooking and release methods.
 6. As with any cooking appliance that cooks quickly or uses high 
temperatures, do not leave a pressure cooker unattended for any length of 
time and always set a timer.
 7. Use the Natural Release method for foods that are mostly liquids, foam, 
froth or expand; and foods with a skin or peel, as well as with most meats.
 8. Never use more than 1/4 cup of fats or oils, or exceed the maximum amount 
as recommended by the manufacturer.
 9. When using the cold water release never run water directly over the vent 
or valve system.
 10. Always check to make sure the pressure has dropped back to normal before 
opening the locking lid on a pressure cooker.
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Add category