Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Barbecued_Pork_with_Rice

Description : 
 A Thai dish with Chinese origin, simple, not too spicy and easy to make. When I was in Thailand I found this was a hugely popular meal with streetside vendors. I will add a few accompaniments which go rather well with this meal.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Barbecued pork : 
 4 tablespoons  tomato purée 
 2 tablespoons  dark soy sauce 
 4 tablespoons  light soy sauce 
 4 tablespoons  sugar 
 1 kg  pork belly  strips 
 1 lb fragrant  rice , rinsed and drained 
 Chilli and vinegar sauce : 
 4 tablespoons  rice vinegar 
 1 small  red chilli , cut into thin rounds. 
 Salty sauce : 
 450 ml  pork stock 
 2 tablespoons  light soy sauce 
 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 2 tablespoons  fish sauce 
 1 teaspoon  rice flour 
 Garnish : 
 ¼  cucumber , thinly sliced 
 4 spring  onions , cut into inch long lengths 
 a few  fresh coriander leaves , roughly chopped. 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the marinade by combining the  tomato purée , soy sauces and  sugar  in a large bowl. 
 Add the  pork  belly strips and stir well to coat evenly in the sauce. 
 Leave to marinate for about 2 hrs. 
 Cook the  rice , drain and set aside. 
 Place the marinated  pork  belly strips on a barbecue or under a preheated grill, turning them from time to time until cooked through. 
 While the  pork  is cooking, make the sauces. 
 For the chill and  vinegar  sauce, combine the ingredients and set aside. 
 For the salty sauce, heat the stock in a saucepan, add all the ingredients except the  rice flour  and stir well. 
 Bring to the boil and simmer for 1 minute. 
 Sprinkle the  rice flour  over the liquid and whisk gently until the sauce thickens. 
 Cut the  pork  into very thin slices (as thin as  ham  is best although unless your skilled with a knife you may not get those results, but as thin as possible will do fine). 
 Put a heap of  rice  on each serving plate and top with slices of the  pork . 
 Pour over a good helping of the salty sauce, and garnish. 
 Serve with the chilli and vinegar sauce. 
 Enjoy!. 
 
 
 
Categories: Barbecue Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Pork belly Recipes, Pork stock and broth Recipes, Rice Recipes, Thai Meat Dishes, Add category