Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggplant_Rolls

Succulent slices of  Eggplant  are rolled around spicy kufta (meat patties) and simmered in flavorful  tomato  sauce. The neat presentation of the dish renders it suitable for formal occasions. Known in to many Iraqis as Malfoof mal bietenjan bi leham (meaning: Eggplant rolls with meat).
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the Kufta meat patties
 
 1 1/2 lbs lean meat (traditionally lamb or beef) 
 3 tablespoons  flour  or breadcrumbs 
 1 small  Onion , grated 
 1 clove  garlic , grated 
 1/4 cup  parsley , chopped 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon  cumin 
 1/2 teaspoon  chile peppers , to taste 
 1/4 teaspoon  black pepper 
 1/4 teaspoon  ginger 
 1/4 teaspoon  allspice 
 For the  tomato  sauce
 
 3 medium  tomatoes , skinned and diced or 1 (15 ounce) can diced  tomatoes , do not drain 
 3 tablespoons  tomato  paste, diluted in 3 1/2 cups hot  water  (one 6-ounce can) or 1 cup  tomato  sauce diluted in 2 1/2 cups hot  water  or 3 
 1/2 cups  tomato juice 
 1/4 cup fresh  basil , coarsely chopped or 1 teaspoon dried  basil 
 1 teaspoon  Sugar  or honey 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1/4 teaspoon  black pepper 
 1/4 cup  parsley , to garnish 
 Directions : 
 Broil, on both sides, drained  Eggplant  slices after spraying or brushing them with  olive oil , for about 10 minutes or until soft and browned in spots (they do not need to be fully cooked). 
 Mix kufta ingredients, and knead briefly. 
 Divide into 18 pieces, and form each into an elongated, oval shaped patty, about 3 1/2 inches long. 
 Broil patties turning once to brown on both sides, about 10 minutes (again they do not need to be fully cooked). 
 Make 18 rolls by putting a kufta patty crosswise at one end of a spread  Eggplant  slice. 
 Roll up the  Eggplant  slice around the kufta (this roll is traditionally secured by tying it with a  parsley  stalk softened in hot  water ). 
 Arrange finished rolls side by side, seam side down, in a glass baking pan, 11-by-7 inches or approximate size. 
 Spread diced  tomatoes  on rolls. 
 Add  basil ,  Sugar ,  salt  and  pepper  to diluted  tomato  paste or sauce or juice. 
 Heat until it starts to bubble, or microwave for 3 minutes on high. 
 Pour liquid all over the rolls. 
 There should be enough liquid to cover them. 
 Add a little hot  water  if needed. 
 Bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees F. 
 , loosely covered, for about 30 minutes or until sauce is bubbly and nicely thickened. 
 Garnish with chopped  parsley , and serve with warm bread or cooked  rice , along with salad. 
 
 
 
Categories: Allspice Recipes, Basil Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Clove Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Iraqi Meat Dishes, Iraqi Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Add category