Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pumpkin_Lasagna

Ingredients : 
 10 sugar  pumpkins , about 5 to 6 inches round, or small  acorn squash 
 ¼ cup  unsalted butter 
 1  Spanish onion , sliced 
 ¼ cup  light brown sugar 
 2 to 3 cups  vegetable broth 
 2 cups toasted  almonds , finely chopped 
 1 tsp  kosher salt 
 ½ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 25 5x5-inch sheets fresh  lasagna 
 1 cup  amaretti  cookies, ground 
 1 cup grated  Parmesan cheese 
 ½ cup  mascarpone 
 2 cups  apple cider 
 2 tbsp  maple syrup 
 2 tbsp  unsalted butter 
 ½ tsp  kosher salt 
 ⅛ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Cut tops off  pumpkins , and set aside. Scrape out seeds, and discard them. Place  pumpkins  on a baking sheet, and roast them until tender, about 30 minutes. Remove them from oven, scrape out all flesh from 4  pumpkins  and transfer flesh to a bowl. Discard shells. Remove most of flesh from remaining 6  pumpkins , and transfer to a bowl, reserving shells for further baking. 
 Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat, and when it is hot, add 1 tablespoon  butter . Add  onion , and sauté it for 2 minutes. Add  brown sugar , and cook for 2 minutes more, stirring occasionally. 
 Add  pumpkin  flesh, and stir it well. Add broth, and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, and cook until  pumpkin  starts to fall apart, for about 10 to 12 minutes. Add ½ cup  almonds , transfer to a blender or food processor and purée. Add remaining 3 tablespoons of  butter ,  salt  and  pepper . Return mixture to skillet, and reheat it. 
 Bring a large pot of  water  to a boil over high heat, add lasagna sheets and cook them until al dente, for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove lasagna from heat, and drain. Place sheets in skillet with  pumpkin  sauce, and toss. Using tongs, remove sheets, and place them in bottom of shells. Spoon sauce over lasagna, and sprinkle one-quarter of remaining  almonds  and one-quarter of amaretti,  parmesan cheese  and  mascarpone  over top. Repeat until  pumpkins  are filled, or all ingredients are used up, with a final layer of  almonds , amaretti,  parmesan cheese  and  mascarpone . 
 Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, place  cider  and  maple syrup  in saucepan, and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium, and cook until mixture has reduced to one-third and has a sticky, syrupy consistency, about 15 minutes. Add  butter ,  salt  and  pepper , and set aside. 
 Drizzle cider- maple syrup  sauce over individual  pumpkins , and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Acorn squash Recipes, Almond Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Lasagne Recipes, Light brown sugar Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Mascarpone Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category