Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ginger_Beef


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound  Beef  (rouladen) 
 1  celery  stalk 
 1  carrot 
 3 hot  chilli peppers 
 2 Tbsp fresh  ginger , minced 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tsp sesame  oil 
 Marinade:
 
 2 Tbsp dark soy sauce 
 1 Tbsp cooking wine 
 1 tsp  Sugar 
 2 Tbsp  ginger  juice 
 1  egg  white, lightly beaten 
 1/4 cup  water 
 1/4 cup  flour 
 1/4 cup  cornstarch 
 1 Tbsp hot  chilli   oil  (optional) 
 Sauce:
 
 1 Tbsp wine 
 2 Tbsp light soy sauce 
 1 Tbsp  vinegar 
 4 Tbsp  Sugar  (can substitute  brown sugar  or honey, if desired) 
 1/2 tsp sesame  oil 
 2 Tbsp  water 
 chilli   oil  or  chilli powder  to taste 
 4 to 5 cups  oil  for deep-frying 
 1 Tbsp  oil  for stir-frying 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Cut  Beef  into matchstick strips, cutting along the  grain .(The meat is easier to cut if it is partially frozen). 
 To make  ginger  juice for marinade, peel and grate  ginger . 
 Squeeze out juice. 
 Mix four marinade ingredients. Add to  Beef  and marinate for 30 minutes. 
 Begin preparing vegetables. Cut  carrots ,  celery , and  pepper  into thin strips. 
 Mince  garlic . For  ginger , use the leftover minced  ginger  from the preparation of  ginger  juice. 
 Mix the sauce ingredients. Set aside. 
 Beat the  egg  white and add  water . Add  flour  and  cornstarch . 
 Mix the batter thoroughly. Drop the batter into the marinated meat. 
 Heat wok. When heated, add 4 - 5 cups of  oil . 
 When the  oil  is ready, add about 1/4 of the meat/batter mixture. Deep-fry the  Beef  until golden brown. 
 Remove and set aside. Let  oil  come back to original temperature and add more meat. 
 When meat is cooked, clean the wok. Heat and add 1 tablespoon  oil . 
 When  oil  is ready, add the vegetables and begin stir-frying. 
 Pour in the sauce and let come to a boil. Add the deep-fried  Beef . Toss quickly, and remove. 
 Sprinkle with sesame  oil  and serve hot. 
 
 
 
 Contributed by : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Cereals Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Recipes that need photos, World Recipes, Add category