Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Oleana_Yogurt_Soup

Ingredients : 
 6 cups cubed bread (1  baguette , crust trimmed, torn or cut into pieces) 
 1 cup  milk 
 ½ cup  olive oil  plus extra for garnish 
 ½ small white  onion , minced 
 1 lb  spinach , cleaned and stemmed 
 salt  and  black pepper 
 1  egg 
 ½ cup  feta  cheese 
 1 ¼ lbs coils of  angel-hair vermicelli 
 8 cups good-quality  chicken broth 
 3 cups Old Chatham plain  yogurt  (or any Greek  yogurt ) 
 3  egg yolks 
 2 tbsp  flour 
 1 tbsp dried  mint 
 pinch of  cayenne 
 2 tbsp  sumac 
 Directions : 
 Toss the bread cubes in the  milk  and let sit for 10 minutes. 
 In a large skillet, heat half the  oil . 
 Add the  onion . 
 Cook over medium-low heat until  onion  is soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. 
 Add  spinach  and cook until soft and tender, about 7 minutes more. 
 Season to taste. 
 Place the  spinach  in a sieve to drain. 
 Meanwhile, squeeze out excess  milk  from the bread, little by little, and discard  milk . 
 When  spinach  has cooled, press it into sieve (or between your hands) and try to extract as much juice as possible. 
 In a food processor, puree the  spinach . 
 Add the bread,  egg  and  feta   cheese  and process until it comes together like dough. 
 Place in a bowl.  Salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 With floured hands, shape into small round, marble-sized dumplings. 
 Crush the coils of  angel hair pasta  with your hands into ½-inch-long pieces. 
 In a large soup pot, warm the remaining ¼ cup  olive oil . 
 Add the broken  pasta  and stir to coat with a wooden spoon. 
 Saute for 5 minutes, stirring constantly, until  pasta  is golden brown. 
 Add broth and simmer until  pasta  is cooked. 
 In a separate bowl, combine the  yogurt ,  egg yolks ,  flour , dried  mint  and  cayenne , and whisk until smooth. 
 Ladle a cup of the hot soup into the  yogurt  mixture, whisking until combined. 
 Add  yogurt  mixture to the soup pot, whisking for about 5 minutes until the soup starts to simmer. 
 Add dumplings and continue to gently simmer another 10 minutes. 
 Be careful not to boil. 
 Ladle into bowls. 
 Drizzle with  olive oil  and sprinkle with sumac. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Soups, Capellini Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Feta Recipes, Mint Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Spinach Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category