Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetable_Sanbusa_Turnovers


 
 Description : 
 These tasty turnovers can be filled with a variety of ingredients.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 ¾ cup  butter 
 ¾ cup  oil 
 5 cups white  flour 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 ½-¾ cup cold  water 
 Vegetable Filling : 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 ¾ cup of finely chopped  onions 
 1½ lbs leafy greens, coarsely chopped ( spinach ,  chard ,  dandelion  or  nettles ) 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 ½ cup  walnuts , coarsely chopped and lightly toasted 
 ¼ cup  currants 
 ¾ teaspoon  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 Melt the  butter  with the  oil . 
 Combine the  flour  and  salt  in a bowl, make a well in the center, and add  oil  and  butter . 
 Stir vigorously until combined, and then add  water  until the dough holds together and comes away from the sides of the bowl. 
 Wrap the ball of dough in plastic and let rest in the refrigerator while preparing the stuffing. 
 Vegetable Filling : 
 Heat the  olive oil  over medium heat, and then sauté the  onions  for 2 minutes. 
 Add the greens and  salt  and stir well. 
 Lower the heat, cover the pan, and cook until the greens are wilted and give off their juices. 
 Turn off the heat, add the toasted  walnuts ,  currants  and  pepper , and stir well. 
 Assembling the Sanbusa : 
 Preheat the oven to 350 °F degrees. 
 For each pastry, take a walnut-sized piece of dough and roll it out into a 3-inch circle. 
 Place a teaspoonful of filling in the center of the dough, fold the circle into a half-moon shape and pinch the edges firmly. (Another traditional shape is the triangular pocket, formed by pinching together the edges of the circle in three seams that meet in the center over the filling). 
 Place the pastries on an ungreased baking sheet and bake in the oven for 45 minutes, until golden yellow, or deep fry in  vegetable oil . 
 Serve warm. 
 See also : 
 Meat Sanbusa Turnovers 
 Cheese Sanbusa Turnovers 
 Sweet Sanbusa Turnovers 
 
 
 
Categories: Currant Recipes, Dandelion Recipes, Ethiopian Appetizers, Nettle Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Spinach Recipes, Swiss chard Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Add category