Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Aromatic_Black_Tiger_Shrimp


 
 Description : 
 Serves 4 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb. black tiger  Shrimp , shelled and de-veined (can substitute thinly sliced  Chicken  breast) 
 1/2 cup minced  lemongrass 
 1/2 cup minced  cilantro  stems (the product of one large bunch) 
 1 tsp chopped  galangal 
 1 tsp  coriander seeds 
 8 medium-sized  garlic  cloves 
 1 tbsp  kaffir lime  leaves, de-veined 
 1 tbsp  tamarind  pulp 
 1 ripe  cubanelle   pepper , cut into 1 inch diagonal slices (red  bell peppers  are an adequate substitute) 
 6 oz  asparagus  cut into 1 1/2 inch lengths 
 6 oz  savoy cabbage  cut into 1 inch diagonal slices 
 3 tbsp  vegetable oil  of choice 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tbsp  Sugar 
 3/4 cup  water 
 1 cup  chicken stock 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Add to blender:  cilantro ,  galangal ,  lemongrass ,  coriander seeds ,  garlic ,  kaffir lime  leaves and  water . 
 Blend into a very smooth paste and set aside. 
 Soak the  tamarind  pulp in about 4 tablespoons of hot  water  for 5 minutes. 
 Using a spoon, scrape the flesh away from the pulp to release the  tamarind  flavor into the  water . 
 Discard the pulp. Set the  tamarind juice  aside. 
 In a wok (a 12-inch sauté pan is an adequate substitute) over high heat add 2 tablespoons of  vegetable oil . 
 Add the paste and stir constantly for approximately 2 minutes, until the aroma is released. 
 Transfer the cooked paste into a bowl. 
 Add the remaining tablespoons of  oil  to the wok. Add the  Shrimp  and stir fry for 15 seconds. 
 Add all of the sliced vegetables and stir fry for 3 to for minutes, until the vegetables have reached your desired tenderness. 
 Add the paste,  chicken stock ,  salt ,  Sugar , and  tamarind juice  and stir fry for two more minutes. 
 Garnish with  cilantro  leaves and served immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Asparagus Recipes, Cambodian Meat Dishes, Cambodian Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Coriander seed Recipes, Cubanelle Recipes, Galangal Recipes, Galangal Side Dish Recipes, Add category