Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Honey-Mustard_Chicken

Description : 
 I have not tried this dish but cooking  cauliflower  for 20 minutes is just too long. I would advise 10 minutes tops to keep its bright color and not become mushy. 
 
 Contributed by Judi M. Phelps 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lbs boneless,  chicken breasts , skinless and trimmed of all fat 
 ½ tsp  salt , optional 
 ¼ tsp  black pepper 
 2 tsp tub-style  margarine ,  canola  or  corn oil 
 1 cup  onion , chopped 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 1¼ cup  chicken broth , defatted and divided 
 2 tbsp mild  honey 
 2 tbsp  lemon juice 
 ¼ tsp  salt , or to taste optional 
 1½ cup  cauliflower  florets 
 1 large  carrot , peeled and thinly sliced 
 ¼ cup  water 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch 
 2 tbsp  Dijon-style mustard 
 1¼ cup  long-grain white rice  uncooked 
 Directions : 
 Cut  chicken  into small bite-sized pieces. 
 Sprinkle with ½ teaspoon  salt , if desired, and  pepper . 
 In large nonstick, spray- coated skillet, cook  chicken  pieces over medium heat, turning frequently with large wooden or plastic spoon, 7 – 10 minutes or until they begin to brown and are cooked through. 
 Remove and set aside in medium bowl. 
 In same skillet, combine  margarine ,  onion ,  garlic , and 3 tablespoons broth. 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, 6-7 minutes or until  onion  is tender. 
 If liquid begins to evaporate, add a bit more broth. 
 Add honey and  lemon juice  to pan with  onions , and stir to combine well. 
 Stir in remaining  chicken broth  and  salt , if desired. 
 Stir in reserved  chicken ,  cauliflower , and  carrot . 
 Bring to a boil. 
 Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes or until flavors are blended. 
 Meanwhile, cook  rice  according to package directions. 
 Combine  water  and  cornstarch . 
 Stir into simmering sauce and cook, stirring, until thickened. 
 Stir in  mustard . 
 Simmer an additional 1 or 2 minutes. 
 Arrange  rice  on large serving platter. 
 Top with  chicken  and sauce. 
 Or serve individual portions over  rice . 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 Calories 271 | fat: 3.5 g 
 Exchanges: veg 2 | bread 2 | protein 1 
 
 
 
Categories: Carrot Recipes, Cauliflower Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Honey Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category