Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Nepali_Spicy_Grilled_Chicken_Sauteed_in_Chili_Sauce

Ingredients : 
 1.5 lbs  chicken breasts , skinned, boned 
 3 dry whole  red peppers 
 1 teaspoon  garlic , minced 
 1 teaspoon  ginger , finely grated 
 5  red chilies , julienned 
 1 cup  onions , finely chopped 
 1 cup  tomatoes , chopped 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  powder 
 1 teaspoon  coriander  powder 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric 
 ½ cup  green onion , cut in 1-in length 
 salt  to taste 
 2 tablespoons  mustard oil 
 1 cup  chicken broth 
 Marinade : 
 1 cup  yogurt 
 1 tablespoon  lemon juice 
 2 tablespoons  soy sauce 
 ½ cup  onions , roughly chopped 
 1 teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 1 teaspoon  peppercorn 
 1 teaspoon timur ( Szechwan pepper ) 
 2 fresh  red chilies 
 2 tablespoons  mustard oil 
 Directions : 
 In a blender combine all the marinating ingredients to form a smooth paste. 
 Pour the marinating paste over the  chicken  in a large bowl. 
 Mix well, cover, and let marinate for at least four hours. 
 Grill the marinated  chicken  on a charcoal grill, occasionally turning until cooked through, about 7 minutes. 
 Cut grilled  chicken  into 1-in strips. 
 In a sauce pan heat 2 tablespoons of  mustard oil . 
 Fry dry whole  red peppers  till dark. 
 Add  turmeric  and stir for 15 sec. 
 Add  onions , sauté in medium heat till brown. 
 Add  garlic ,  ginger , red chilies,  cumin , coriander,  black pepper , and  salt  to the  onion  mixture. 
 Fry for 30 seconds, and add  tomatoes  and  chicken broth . 
 Lower the heat and let the tomato- onion  mixture simmer for 10 minutes till it thickens. 
 Transfer grilled  chicken  strips to the sauce, stir well. 
 Cook for another 10 minutes to evaporate excess liquid so that the  chicken  pieces are coated with the sauce. 
 Adjust seasoning with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Garnish with  green onions . 
 Serve with  rice , or  roti  (whole wheat flat bread). 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken breast Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Corn Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Mustard oil Recipes, Nepali Meat Dishes, Onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red bell pepper Recipes, Add category