Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Panama_Empanadas

Ingredients : 
 Pastry dough : 
 3 cups  unbleached flour 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 cup  shortening 
 ¾ cup cold  water 
 1 tbsp  vinegar 
 2  egg yolks 
 Filling : 
 2 tbsp  oil 
 1 lb lean  beef , coarsely ground 
 1 lb lean  pork , coarsely ground 
 2 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp freshly grated  black pepper 
 1 tsp  cayenne 
 1½ cups  onions , finely chopped 
 2 tbsp  garlic , minced 
 1 large  green bell pepper , finely chopped 
 2  jalapeno peppers , finely chopped 
 4  tomatoes , peeled, seeded, and chopped 
 1 tsp ground  thyme 
 ½ tsp ground  allspice 
 ½ tsp grated  nutmeg 
 ¼ cup  raisins 
 3 tbsp  red wine vinegar 
 1 cup green  pimento  salad , chopped 
 1  egg 
 1 tbsp  water 
 Directions : 
 Pastry dough : 
 Combine  flour  and  salt  in a large bowl and cut in  shortening . 
 In another bowl, combine  water ,  vinegar , and  egg yolks ; mix well. 
 Add the liquid to the dry mixture. 
 Mix with your hands and form into a ball. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. 
 Filling : 
 Mix  beef ,  pork ,  salt ,  pepper , and  cayenne  together. 
 Heat the  oil  in a large skillet and brown the meat well in batches and set aside. 
 Sauté  onions ,  bell peppers , chiles, and  garlic  until soft. 
 Return meat and any juices to the pan. 
 Add  tomatoes ,  raisins ,  vinegar ,  thyme ,  allspice , and  nutmeg . 
 Simmer until meat is very tender, about 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Add and simmer another 10 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. 
 Assembly : 
 Beat the  egg  and  water  together. 
 Remove dough from the refrigerator and cut in half; return half to the refrigerator. 
 On a lightly floured surface roll out thin. 
 Cut 6" circles  [1]  (a 2½ lb  coffee  can works fine). 
 Add a generous portion of filling to the center of each circle. 
 Fold the dough in half over the filling and crimp edges well with a fork. 
 Pierce the tops of the pastries with a fork and brush tops with the  egg / water  mixture. 
 Place on a greased cookie sheet. 
 Repeat for other half of the dough (note: the scraps from the other batch may be rolled in with the second half). 
 Bake in a preheated 375°F oven for 15 minutes or until golden. 
 Serve either warm or at room temperature. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   If smaller, cocktail sized pastries (Empanaditas) are desired cut the pastry circles to 3½ inches. A large  tuna  can works just right. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Panamanian Appetizers, Panamanian Meat Dishes, Savory pastry Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Pimento Recipes, Add category