Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_and_Cocoa_Recipes_and_Home_Made_Candy_Recipes

        
 Chocolate and Cocoa Recipes  by Miss Parloa and  Home Made Candy Recipes  by Mrs. Janet McKenzie Hill 
 
 Compliments of Walter Baker & Co., Ltd. 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Cocoa and Chocolate 
 2   Choice Recipes by Miss Maria Parloa 
 
 2.1   Plain Chocolate 
 2.2   Chocolate, Vienna Style 
 2.3   Breakfast Cocoa 
 2.4   Chocolate Layer Cake 
 2.5   Chocolate Cake 
 2.6   Chocolate Marble Cake 
 2.7   Chocolate Glacé Cake 
 2.8   Chocolate Glacé 
 2.9   Chocolate Biscuit 
 2.10   Chocolate Wafers 
 2.11   Cinderella Cakes 
 2.12   Chocolate Éclairs 
 2.13   Chocolate Cookies 
 2.14   Chocolate Gingerbread 
 2.15   Vanilla Icing 
 2.16   Chocolate Icing 
 2.17   Chocolate Profiteroles 
 2.18   Chocolate Ice-cream 
 2.19   Chocolate Cream Pies 
 2.20   Chocolate Mousse 
 2.21   Chocolate Charlotte 
 2.22   Chocolate Bavarian Cream 
 2.23   Chocolate Cream 
 2.24   Chocolate Blanc-Mange 
 2.25   Chocolate Cream Renversée 
 2.26   Baked Chocolate Custard 
 2.27   Chocolate Soufflé 
 2.28   Chocolate Pudding 
 2.29   Chocolate Meringue Pudding 
 2.30   Milton Pudding 
 2.31   Snow Pudding 
 2.32   Chocolate Sauce 
 2.33   Chocolate Candy 
 2.34   Cream Chocolate Caramels 
 2.35   Sugar Chocolate Caramels 
 2.36   Chocolate Creams, No. 1 
 2.37   Chocolate Creams, No. 2 
 2.38   Chocolate Cones 
 2.39   Genesee Bon-Bons 
 2.40   Chocolate Syrup 
 2.41   Refreshing drinks for summer 
 2.42   A few suggestions in regard to chocolate 
 2.43   Formula for making three gallons of Breakfast Cocoa 
 2.44   Cracked Cocoa 
 2.45   Vanilla Chocolate with Whipped Cream 
 2.46   Chocolate Cream Pie 
 2.47   Chocolate Filling 
 2.48   Meringue 
 2.49   Cocoa Sticks 
 2.50   Cocoa Frosting 
 2.51   Cocoa Sauce 
 2.52   Cocoa Cake 
 2.53   Cocoa Meringue Pudding 
 2.54   Chocolate Almonds 
 2.55   Hot Chocolate Sauce 
 2.56   Cocoa Sponge Cake 
 2.57   Chocolate Frosting 
 2.58   Chocolate Cake, or Devil's Food 
 2.59   Chocolate Ice-cream 
 2.60   Chocolate Whip 
 2.61   Cocoa Marble Cake 
 2.62   Chocolate Marble cake 
 2.63   Chocolate Jelly 
 2.64   Cottage Pudding 
 2.65   Vanilla Sauce 
 2.66   Cocoanut Soufflé 
 2.67   Chocolate Sauce 
 2.68   Cocoa Biscuit 
 2.69   Cocoa Fudge 
 
 
 3   Miss M.E. Robinson's Recipes 
 
 3.1   Plain Chocolate 
 3.2   Cocoa Doughnuts 
 3.3   Cocoa Sponge Cake 
 3.4   Cocoa Marble Cake 
 3.5   Cocoa Buns 
 3.6   Mrs. Rorer's Chocolate Cake 
 3.7   Mrs. Lincoln's Chocolate Caramels 
 3.8   Miss Farmer's Chocolate Nougat Cake 
 3.9   Mrs. Armstrong's Chocolate Pudding 
 3.10   Mrs. Armstrong's Chocolate Charlotte 
 3.11   Chocolate Jelly with Crystallized Green Gages 
 3.12   Mrs. Bedford's Chocolate Crullers 
 3.13   Mrs. Bedford's Hot Cocoa Sauce for Ice-cream 
 3.14   Mrs. Bedford's Chocolate Macaroons 
 3.15   Mrs. Ewing's Creamy Cocoa 
 3.16   Mrs. Ewing's Creamy Chocolate 
 3.17   Mrs. Hill's Cocoa Frappé 
 3.18   Mrs. Hill's Chocolate Puffs 
 3.19   Miss Farmer's Chocolate Cream Candy 
 3.20   Mrs. Salzbacher's Chocolate Hearts 
 3.21   Cocoa Charlotte (without Cream) 
 3.22   Chocolate Fudge with Fruit 
 3.23   Chocolate Macaroons 
 3.24   Petits Four 
 3.25   Potato Cake 
 3.26   Spanish Chocolate Cake 
 
 
 4   Home Made Candies 
 
 4.1   Peppermints, Chocolate Mints, etc. 
 4.2   Chocolate Caramel Walnuts 
 4.3   How to coat candies, &c., with Baker's "Dot" Chocolate 
 4.4   Chocolate Dipped Peppermints 
 4.5   Ginger, Cherry, Apricot and Nut Chocolates 
 4.6   Chocolate Peanut Clusters 
 4.7   Chocolate Coated Almonds 
 4.8   Plain and Chocolate Dipped Parisian Sweets 
 4.9   Stuffed Dates, Chocolate Dipped 
 4.10   Chocolate Oysterettes, Plain and with Chopped Figs 
 4.11   Turkish Paste with French Fruit, Chocolate Flavored 
 4.12   Choice Chocolate Pecan Pralines 
 4.13   Vassar Fudge 
 4.14   Smith College Fudge 
 4.15   Wellesley Marshmallow Fudge 
 4.16   Double Fudge 
 4.17   Marbled Fudge 
 4.18   Fudge Hearts or Rounds 
 4.19   Marshmallow Fudge 
 4.20   Chocolate Dipped Fruit Fudge 
 4.21   Chocolate Cocoanut Cakes 
 4.22   Baker's Chocolate "Divinity" 
 4.23   Chocolate Nougatines 
 4.24   Plain Chocolate Caramels 
 4.25   Chocolate Nut Caramels 
 4.26   Ribbon Caramels 
 4.27   Fondant 
 4.28   Almond Chocolate Creams 
 4.29   Cherry Chocolate Creams 
 4.30   Chocolate Peppermints 
 4.31   Fig-and-Nut Chocolates 
 4.32   Chocolate Marshmallows 
 4.33   Maple Fondant Acorns 
 4.34   Chocolate Almond Bars 
 4.35   Almond Fondant Sticks 
 4.36   Almond Fondant Balls 
 4.37   Walnut Cream-Chocolates 
 4.38   To mold candy in starch impressions 
 4.39   Chocolate Butter Creams 
 4.40   Fondant for soft chocolate creams 
 4.41   Rose Chocolate Creams 
 4.42   Pistachio Chocolate Creams 
 4.43   Surprise Chocolate Creams 
 4.44   Chocolate Peanut Brittle 
 4.45   Chocolate Popcorn Balls 
 4.46   Chocolate Molasses Kisses 
 
 
 5   Walter Baker & Co., Ltd. 
 6   Walter Baker & Co.'s Cocoa and Chocolate Preparations 
 
 6.1   Baker's Breakfast Cocoa 
 6.2   Baker's Chocolate 
 6.3   Baker's Vanilla Chocolate 
 6.4   Caracas Chocolate 
 6.5   Century Chocolate 
 6.6   Auto-Sweet Chocolate 
 6.7   German Sweet Chocolate 
 6.8   Dot Chocolate 
 6.9   Cracked Cocoa or Cocoa Nibs 
 6.10   Soluble Cocoa 
 6.11   Chocolate for Confectioners' Use 
 6.12   Vanilla Tablets 
 6.13   Cocoa-Butter 
 6.14   Cocoa-Shells 
 6.15   Cacao des Aztèques 
 
 
 7   Index to recipes 
 
 7.1   Miss Parloa's 
 7.2   Miss Burr's 
 7.3   Miss Robinson's 
 7.4   Mrs. Rorer's 
 7.5   Mrs. Lincoln's 
 7.6   Miss Farmer's 
 7.7   Mrs. Armstrong's 
 7.8   Mrs. Bedford's 
 7.9   Mrs. Ewing's 
 7.10   Mrs. Hill's 
 7.11   Mrs. Salzbacher's 
 7.12   Mrs. Hill's Candy Recipes 
 
 
 
 
 Cocoa and Chocolate : 
 The term " cocoa ," a corruption of "Cacao," is almost universally used in English-speaking countries to designate the seeds of the small tropical tree known to botanists as THEOBROMA CACAO, from which a great variety of preparations under the name of  cocoa  and  chocolate  for eating and drinking are made. The name "Chocolatl" is nearly the same in most European languages, and is taken from the Mexican name of the drink, " chocolate " or "Cacahuatl." The Spaniards found  chocolate  in common use among the Mexicans at the time of the invasion under Cortez in 1519, and
it was introduced into Spain immediately after. The Mexicans not only used  chocolate  as a staple article of food, but they used the seeds of the cacao tree as a medium of exchange.
 No better evidence could be offered of the great advance which has been made in recent years in the knowledge of dietetics than the remarkable increase in the consumption of  cocoa  and  chocolate  in this country. The amount retained for home consumption in 1860 was only 1,181,054 pounds—about 3-5 of an ounce for each inhabitant. The amount retained for home consumption for the year ending Dec. 31, 1908, was 93,956,721 pounds—over 16 ounces for each inhabitant.
 Although there was a marked increase in the consumption of tea and coffee during the same period, the ratio of increase fell far below that of  cocoa . It is evident that the coming American is going to be less of a tea and coffee drinker, and more of a  cocoa  and  chocolate  drinker. This is the natural result of a better knowledge of the laws of health, and of the food value of a beverage which nourishes the body while it also stimulates the brain.
 Baron von Liebig, one of the best-known writers on dietetics, says:
 
 "It is a perfect food, as wholesome as delicious, a beneficient restorer of exhausted power; but its quality must be good and it must be carefully prepared. It is highly nourishing and easily digested, and is fitted to repair wasted strength, preserve health, and prolong life. It agrees with dry temperaments and convalescents; with mothers who nurse their children; with those whose occupations oblige them to undergo severe mental strains; with public speakers, and with all those who give to work a portion of the time needed for sleep. It soothes both stomach and brain, and for this reason, as well as for others, it is the best friend of those engaged in literary pursuits." 
 M. Brillat-Savarin, in his entertaining and valuable work,  Physiologie du Goût , says: " chocolate  came over the mountains [from Spain to France] with Anne of Austria, daughter of Philip III and queen of Louis XIII. The Spanish monks also spread the knowledge of it by the presents they made to their brothers in France. It is well known that Linnæus called the fruit of the  cocoa  tree  theobroma , 'food for the gods.' The cause of this emphatic qualification has been sought, and attributed by some to the fact that he was extravagantly fond of  chocolate ; by others to his desire to please his confessor; and by others to his gallantry, a queen having first introduced it into France.
 
 "The Spanish ladies of the New World, it is said, carried their love for  chocolate  to such a degree that, not content with partaking of it several times a day, they had it sometimes carried after them to church. This favoring of the senses often drew upon them the censures of the bishop; but the Reverend Father Escobar, whose metaphysics were as subtle as his morality was accommodating, declared, formally, that a fast was not broken by  chocolate  prepared with  water ; thus wire-drawing, in favor of his penitents, the ancient adage,  " Liquidum non frangit jejunium. " 
 "Time and experience," he says further, "have shown that  chocolate , carefully prepared, is an article of food as wholesome as it is agreeable; that it is nourishing, easy of digestion, and does not possess those qualities injurious to beauty with which coffee has been reproached; that it is excellently adapted to persons who are obliged to a great concentration of intellect; in the toils of the pulpit or the bar, and especially to travellers; that it suits the most feeble stomach; that excellent effects have been produced by it in chronic complaints, and that it is a last resource in affections of the pylorus. 
 "Some persons complain of being unable to digest  chocolate ; others, on the contrary, pretend that it has not sufficient nourishment, and that the effect disappears too soon. It is probable that the former have only themselves to blame, and that the  chocolate  which they use is of bad quality or badly made; for good and well-made  chocolate  must suit every stomach which retains the slightest digestive power. 
 "In regard to the others, the remedy is an easy one: they should reinforce their breakfast with a  pâté , a cutlet, or a kidney, moisten the whole with a good draught of soconusco  chocolate , and thank God for a stomach of such superior activity. 
 "This gives me an opportunity to make an observation whose accuracy may be depended upon. 
 "After a good, complete, and copious breakfast, if we take, in addition, a cup of well-made  chocolate , digestion will be perfectly accomplished in three hours, and we may dine whenever we like. Out of zeal for science, and by dint of eloquence, I have induced many ladies to try this experiment. They all declared, in the beginning, that it would kill them; but they have all thriven on it and have not failed to glorify their teacher. 
 "The people who make constant use of  chocolate  are the ones who enjoy the most steady health, and are the least subject to a multitude of little ailments which destroy the comfort of life; their plumpness is also more equal. These are two advantages which every one may verify among his own friends, and wherever the practice is in use." 
 In corroboration of M. Brillat-Savarin's statement as to the value of  chocolate  as an aid to digestion, we may quote from one of Mme. de Sévigné's letters to her daughter:
 
 "I took  chocolate  night before last to digest my dinner, in order to have a good supper. I took some yesterday for nourishment, so as to be able to fast until night. What I consider amusing about  chocolate  is that it acts according to the wishes of the one who takes it." 
 Chocolate  appears to have been highly valued as a remedial agent by the leading physicians of that day. Christoph Ludwig Hoffman wrote a treatise entitled, "Potus  chocolate ," in which he recommended it in many diseases, and instanced the case of Cardinal Richelieu, who, he stated, was cured of general atrophy by its use.
 A French officer who served in the West Indies for a period of fifteen years, during the early part of the last century, wrote, as the result of his personal observations, a treatise on " The Natural History of Chocolate, Being a distinct and Particular Account of the Cacao Tree, its Growth and Culture, and the Preparation, Excellent Properties, and Medicinal Virtues of its Fruit ," which received the approbation of the Regent of the Faculty of Medicine at Paris, and which was translated and published in London, in 1730. After describing the different methods of raising and curing the fruit and preparing it for food (which it is not worth while to reproduce here, as the methods have  essentially changed since that time), he goes on to demonstrate, as the result of actual experiment, that  chocolate  is a substance "very temperate, very nourishing, and of easy digestion; very proper to repair the exhausted spirits and decayed strength; and very suitable to preserve the health and prolong the lives of old men....
 
 "I could produce several instances," he says, "in favor of this excellent nourishment; but I shall content myself with two only, equally certain and decisive, in proof of its goodness. The first is an experiment of  chocolate 's being taken for the only nourishment--made by a surgeon's wife of Martinico. She had lost, by a very deplorable accident, her lower jaw, which reduced her to such a condition that she did not know how to subsist. She was not capable of taking anything solid, and not rich enough to live upon jellies and nourishing broths. In this strait she determined to take three dishes of  chocolate , prepared after the manner of the country, one in the morning, one at noon, and one at night. There  chocolate  is nothing else but  cocoa  kernels dissolved in hot  water , with  Sugar , and seasoned with a bit of  cinnamon . This new way of life succeeded so well that she has lived a long while since, more lively and robust than before this accident. 
 "I had the second relation from a gentleman of Martinico, and one of my friends not capable of a falsity. He assured me that in his neighborhood an infant of four months old unfortunately lost his nurse, and its parents not being able to put it to another, resolved, through necessity, to feed it with  chocolate . The success was very happy, for the infant came on to a miracle, and was neither less healthy nor less vigorous than those who are brought up by the best nurses. 
 "Before  chocolate  was known in Europe, good old wine was called the  milk  of old men; but this title is now applied with greater reason to  chocolate , since its use has become so common that it has been perceived that  chocolate  is, with respect to them, what  milk  is to infants. In reality, if one examines the nature of  chocolate  a little, with respect to the constitution of aged persons, it seems as though the one was made on purpose to remedy the defects of the other, and that it is truly the panacea of old age." 
 The three associated beverages,  cocoa , tea, and coffee are known to the French as  aromatic  drinks. Each of these has its characteristic aroma. The fragrance and flavor are so marked that they cannot be imitated by any artificial products, although numerous attempts have been made in regard to all three. Hence the detection of adulteration is not a
difficult matter. Designing persons, aware of the extreme difficulty of imitating these substances, have undertaken to employ lower grades, and, by manipulation, copy, as far as may be, the higher sorts. Every one knows how readily tea, and coffee, for that matter, will take up odors and flavors from substances placed near them. This is abundantly exemplified in the country grocery or general store, where the teas and coffees share in the pervasive fragrance of the cheese and kerosene. But perhaps it is not so widely understood that some of these very teas and coffees had been artificially flavored or corrected before they reached their destination in this country.
 Cacao lends itself very readily to such preliminary treatment. In a first-class article, the beans should be of the highest excellence; they should be carefully grown on the plantation and there prepared with great skill, arriving in the factory in good condition. In the factory they should simply receive the mechanical treatment requisite to
develop their high and attractive natural flavor and fragrance. They should be most carefully shelled after roasting and finely ground without concealed additions. This is the process in all honest manufactories of the cacao products.
 Now, as a matter of fact, in the preparation of many of the cacao products on the market, a wholly different course has been pursued. Beans of poor quality are used, because of their cheapness, and in some instances they are only imperfectly, if at all, shelled before grinding. Chemical treatment is relied on to correct in part the odor and taste of such inferior goods, and artificial flavors, other than the time-honored natural  vanilla  and the like, are added freely. The detection of such imposition is easy enough to the expert, but is difficult to the novice; therefore the public is largely unable to discriminate between the good and the inferior, and it is perforce compelled to depend almost entirely on the character and reputation of the manufacturer.
 A distinguished London Physician, in giving some hints concerning the proper preparation of  cocoa , says:
 
 "Start with a pure  cocoa  of undoubted quality and excellence of manufacture, and which bears the name of a respectable firm. This point is important, for there are many cocoas on the market which have been doctored by the addition of alkali, starch,  malt , kola, hops, etc." 
 Baker's Breakfast  cocoa  is absolutely pure, and, being ground to an extraordinary degree of fineness, is highly soluble. The analyst of the Massachusetts State Board of Health states in his recent valuable work on "Food Inspection and Analysis," that the treatment of  cocoa  with alkali for the purpose of producing a more perfect emulsion is
objectionable, even if not considered as a form of adulteration.  Cocoa  thus treated is generally darker in color than the pure article. The legitimate means, he says, for making it as soluble as possible is to pulverize it very fine, so that particles remain in even suspension and form a smooth paste.
 That is the way the Baker  cocoa  is treated. It has received the Grand Prize—the highest award ever given in this country, and altogether 52 highest awards in Europe and America.
 
 Choice Recipes by Miss Maria Parloa : 
 Specially prepared for Walter Baker and Co. Ltd.
 
 Plain Chocolate : 
 For six people, use one quart of  milk , two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , one tablespoonful of  cornstarch , three tablespoonfuls of  sugar , and two tablespoonfuls of hot  water .
 Mix the  cornstarch  with one gill of the  milk . Put the remainder of the  milk  on to heat in the double-boiler. When the  milk  comes to the boiling point, stir in the  cornstarch  and cook for ten minutes. Have the  chocolate  cut in fine bits, and put it in a small iron or granite-ware pan; add the sugar and  water , and place the pan over a hot fire. Stir constantly until the mixture is smooth and glossy. Add this to the hot  milk , and beat the mixture with a whisk until it is frothy. Or, the  chocolate  may be poured back and forth from the boiler to a pitcher, holding high the vessel from which you pour. This will give a thick froth. Serve at once.
 If you prefer not to have the  chocolate  thick, omit the  cornstarch . If condensed milk is used, substitute  water  for the  milk  named above and add three tablespoonfuls of condensed milk when the  chocolate  is added.
 
 Chocolate, Vienna Style : 
 Use four ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s  vanilla   chocolate , one quart of  milk , three tablespoonfuls of hot  water , and one tablespoonful of sugar.
 Cut the  chocolate  in fine bits. Put the  milk  on the stove in the double-boiler, and when it has been heated to the boiling point, put the  chocolate , sugar and  water  in a small iron or granite-ware pan, and stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy. Stir this mixture into the hot  milk , and beat well with a whisk. Serve at once, putting a tablespoonful of whipped cream in each cup and then filling up with the  chocolate .
 The  plain chocolate  may be used instead of the  vanilla , but in that case use a teaspoonful of  vanilla extract  and three generous tablespoonfuls of sugar instead of one.
 
 Breakfast Cocoa : 
 Walter Baker & Co.'s Breakfast  cocoa  is powdered so fine that it can be dissolved by pouring boiling  water  on it. For this reason it is often prepared at the table. A small teaspoonful of the powder is put in the cup with a teaspoonful of sugar; on this is poured two-thirds of a cup of boiling  water , and  milk  or  cream  is added to suit the individual taste. This is very convenient; but  cocoa  is not nearly so good when prepared in this manner as when it is boiled.
 For six cupfuls of  cocoa  use two tablespoonfuls of the powder, two tablespoonfuls of sugar, half a pint of boiling  water , and a pint and a half of  milk . Put the  milk  on the stove in the double-boiler. Put the  cocoa  and sugar in a saucepan, and gradually pour the hot  water  upon them, stirring all the time. Place the saucepan on the fire and stir until the contents boil. Let this mixture boil for five minutes; then add the boiling  milk  and serve.
 A gill of  cream  is a great addition to this  cocoa .
 Scalded  milk  may be used in place of boiled  milk , if preferred. For flavoring, a few grains of  salt  and half a teaspoonful of  vanilla  extract may be added.
 
 Chocolate Layer Cake : 
 Beat half a cupful of  butter  to a  cream , and gradually beat into it one cupful of sugar. When this is light, beat in half a cupful of  milk , a little at a time, and one teaspoonful of  vanilla . Beat the whites of six eggs to a stiff froth. Mix half a teaspoonful of  baking powder  with two scant cupfuls of sifted  flour . Stir the   flour  and whites of eggs alternately into the mixture. Have three deep tin plates well buttered, and spread two-thirds of the batter in two of them. 
 Into the remaining batter stir one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , melted, and spread this batter in the third plate. Bake the cakes in a moderate oven for about twenty minutes. Put a layer of white cake on a large plate, and spread with white icing. Put the dark cake on this, and also spread with white icing. On this put the third cake. Spread with  chocolate  icing.
 To make the icing . Put into a granite-ware saucepan two gills of sugar and one of  water , and boil gently until bubbles begin to come from the bottom—say, about five minutes. Take from the fire instantly. Do not stir or shake the sugar while it is cooking. Pour the hot syrup in a thin stream into the whites of two eggs that have been beaten to a stiff froth, beating the mixture all the time. Continue to beat until the icing is thick. Flavor with one teaspoonful of  vanilla . Use two-thirds of this as a white icing, and to the remaining third add one ounce of melted  chocolate . To melt the  chocolate , shave it fine and put in a cup, which is then to be placed in a pan of boiling  water .
 
 Chocolate Cake : 
 For two sheets of cake, use three ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , three eggs, one cupful and three-fourths of sifted  pastry flour , one cupful and three-fourths of sugar, half a cupful of  butter , half a cupful of  milk , half a teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , one teaspoonful and a half of  baking powder .
 Grate the  chocolate . Beat the  butter  to a  cream , and gradually beat in the sugar. Beat in the  milk  and  vanilla , then the eggs (already well beaten), next the  chocolate , and finally the  flour , in which the baking
powder should be mixed. Pour into two well buttered shallow cake pans. Bake for twenty-five minutes in a moderate oven. Frost or not, as you like.
 
 Chocolate Marble Cake : 
 Put one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate  and one tablespoonful of  butter  in a cup, and set this in a pan of boiling  water . Beat to a  cream  half a cupful of  butter  and one cupful of sugar. Gradually beat in half a cupful of  milk . Now add the whites of six eggs beaten to a stiff froth, one teaspoonful of  vanilla , and a cupful and a half of sifted  flour , in which is mixed one teaspoonful of  baking powder . Put about one-third of this mixture into another bowl, and stir the melted  butter  and  chocolate  into it. Drop the white-and-brown mixture in spoonfuls into a well buttered deep cake pan, and bake in a moderate oven for about forty-five minutes; or, the cake can be baked in a sheet and iced with a  chocolate  or white icing.
 
 Chocolate Glacé Cake : 
 Beat to a  cream  a generous half cupful of  butter , and gradually beat into this one cupful of sugar. Add one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , melted; also two unbeaten eggs. Beat vigorously for five minutes; then stir in half a cupful of  milk , and lastly, one cupful and a half of  flour , with which has been mixed one generous teaspoonful of  baking powder . Flavor with one teaspoonful of  vanilla . Pour into a buttered, shallow cake pan, and bake for half an hour in a moderate oven. When cool, spread with glacé frosting.
 Glacé Frosting . Put half a cupful of sugar and three tablespoonfuls of  water  in a small saucepan. Stir over the fire until the sugar is nearly melted. Take the spoon from the pan before the sugar really begins to boil, because it would spoil the icing if the syrup were stirred after it begins to boil. After boiling gently for four minutes, add half a teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , but do not stir; then set away to cool. When the syrup is about blood warm, beat it with a wooden spoon until thick and white. Now put the saucepan in another with boiling  water , and stir until the icing is thin enough to pour. Spread quickly on the cake.
 
 Chocolate Glacé : 
 After making a glacé frosting, dissolve one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate  in a cup, and put it with the frosting, adding also a tablespoonful of boiling  water .
 
 Chocolate Biscuit : 
 Cover three large baking pans with paper that has been well oiled with washed  butter . Over these dredge  powdered sugar . Melt in a cup one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate . Separate the whites and yolks of four eggs. Add to the yolks a generous half cupful of powdered sugar, and beat until light and firm. Add the melted  chocolate , and beat a few minutes longer. Beat the whites of the eggs to a stiff, dry froth. Measure out three-fourths of a cupful of sifted  flour , and stir it and the whites into the yolks. The whites and  flour  must be cut in as lightly as possible, and with very little stirring. Drop the mixture in teaspoonfuls on the buttered paper. Sprinkle  powdered sugar  over the cakes, and bake in a slow oven for about fourteen or fifteen minutes. The mixture can be shaped like lady fingers, if preferred.
 
 Chocolate Wafers : 
 Grate four ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and mix with it two tablespoonfuls of  flour  and one-fourth of a teaspoonful each of  cinnamon , cloves and  baking powder . Separate six eggs. Add one cupful of  powdered sugar  to the yolks, and beat until very light; then add the grated yellow rind and the juice of half a  lemon , and beat five minutes longer. Now add the dry mixture, and with a spoon lightly cut in the whites, which are first to be beaten to a stiff froth. Pour the mixture into buttered shallow pans, having it about half an inch thick.
Bake in a moderate oven for half an hour. When the cake is cool, spread a thin layer of  currant jelly  over one sheet, and place the other sheet on this. Ice with  vanilla  icing; and when this hardens, cut in squares. It is particularly nice to serve with ice- cream .
 
 Cinderella Cakes : 
 Use two eggs, one cupful of sugar, one cupful and a quarter of  flour , one gill of cold  water , one tablespoonful of  lemon juice , one teaspoonful of  baking powder , one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , half a tumbler of any kind of jelly, and  chocolate  icing the same as for éclairs.
 Separate the eggs, and beat the yolks and sugar together until light. Beat the whites until light, and then beat them with yolks and sugar and grated  chocolate . Next beat in the  lemon juice  and  water , and finally the  flour , in which the  baking powder  should be mixed. Beat for three minutes, and then pour the batter into two pans, and bake in a moderate oven for about eighteen minutes. When done, spread one sheet of cake with the jelly, and press the other sheet over it; and when cold, cut into little squares and triangular pieces. Stick a wooden toothpick into each of these pieces and dip each one into the hot icing, afterwards removing the toothpick, of course.
 
 Chocolate Éclairs : 
 Into a granite-ware saucepan put half a pint of  milk , two well-rounded tablespoonfuls of  butter , and one tablespoonful of sugar, and place on the stove. When this boils up, add half a pint of sifted  flour , and cook for two minutes, beating well with a wooden spoon. It will be smooth and velvety at the end of that time. Set away to cool; and when cool, beat in four eggs, one at a time. Beat vigorously for about fifteen minutes. Try a small bit of the paste in the oven; and if it rises in the form of a hollow ball, the paste is beaten enough; whereas, if it does not, beat a little longer. Have tin sheets or shallow pans slightly buttered. Have ready, also, a tapering tin tube, with the smaller opening about three-quarters of an inch in diameter. Place this in the small end of a conical cotton pastry bag. Put the mixture in the bag, and press out on buttered pans, having each éclair nearly three inches long. There should be eighteen, and they must be at least two inches apart, as they swell in cooking. Bake in a moderately hot oven for about twenty-five minutes. Take from the oven, and while they are still warm coat them with  chocolate . When cold, cut open on the side, and fill with either of the following described preparations:--
 Filling N°. 1.--Mix in a bowl half a pint of rich  cream , one teaspoonful of  vanilla , and four tablespoonfuls of sugar. Place the bowl in a pan of ice- water , and beat the  cream  until light and firm, using either an egg-beater or a whisk.
 Filling N°. 2.--Put half a pint of  milk  into a double-boiler, and place on the fire. Beat together until very light one level tablespoonful of  flour , half a cupful of sugar, and one  egg . When the  milk  boils, stir in this mixture. Add one-eighth of a teaspoonful of  salt , and cook for fifteen minutes, stirring often. When cold, flavor with one teaspoonful of  vanilla .
 Icing for Éclairs.--Put in a small granite-ware pan half a pint of sugar and five tablespoonfuls of cold  water . Stir until the sugar is partially melted, and then place on the stove, stirring for half a minute. Take out the spoon, and watch the sugar closely. As soon as it boils, take instantly from the fire and pour upon a meat-platter. Let this stand for eight minutes. Meantime, shave into a cup one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and put it on the fire in a pan of boiling  water . At the end of eight minutes stir the sugar with a wooden spoon until it begins to grow white and to thicken. Add the melted  chocolate  quickly, and continue stirring until the mixture is
thick. Put it in a small saucepan, and place on the fire in another pan of hot  water . Stir until so soft that it will pour freely. Stick a skewer into the side of an éclair, and dip the top in the hot  chocolate . Place on a plate, and continue until all the éclairs are "glacéd." They will dry quickly. Do not stir the sugar after the first half minute, and do not scrape the sugar from the saucepan into the platter. All the directions must be strictly followed.
 
 Chocolate Cookies : 
 Beat to a  cream  half a cupful of  butter  and one tablespoonful of  lard . Gradually beat into this one cupful of sugar; then add one-fourth of a teaspoonful of  salt , one teaspoonful of  cinnamon , and two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , melted. Now add one well-beaten  egg , and half a teaspoonful of soda dissolved in two tablespoonfuls of  milk . Stir in about two cupfuls and a half of  flour . Roll thin, and, cutting in round cakes, bake in a rather quick oven. The secret of making good cookies is the use of as little  flour  as will
suffice.
 
 Chocolate Gingerbread : 
 Mix in a large bowl one cupful of  molasses , half a cupful of  sour milk  or  cream , one teaspoonful of  ginger , one of  cinnamon , half a teaspoonful of  salt . Dissolve one teaspoonful of soda in a teaspoonful of cold  water ; add this and two tablespoonfuls of melted  butter  to the mixture. Now stir in two cupfuls of sifted  flour , and finally add two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate  and one tablespoonful of  butter , melted 
together. Pour the mixture into three well-buttered, deep tin plates, and bake in a moderately hot oven for about twenty minutes.
 
 Vanilla Icing : 
 Break the white of one large  egg  into a bowl, and gradually beat into it one cupful of confectioners' sugar. Beat for three minutes, add half a teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , and spread thinly on the cakes.
 
 Chocolate Icing : 
 Make a  vanilla  icing, and add one tablespoonful of cold  water  to it. Scrape fine one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and put it in a small iron or granite-ware saucepan, with two tablespoonfuls of confectioners' sugar and one tablespoonful of hot  water . Stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy, then add another tablespoonful of hot  water . Stir the dissolved  chocolate  into the  vanilla  icing.
 
 Chocolate Profiteroles : 
 Shave into a cup one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and put the cup into a pan of boiling  water . Make a paste the same as for éclairs, save that instead of one tablespoonful of sugar three must be used.
 As soon as the paste is cooked, beat in the melted  chocolate . When cold, add the eggs, and beat until light. Drop this batter on lightly buttered pans in round cakes, having about a dessertspoonful in each cake. Bake for about twenty minutes in a moderately hot oven. Serve either hot or cold, with whipped cream prepared the same as for Filling No. 1 for éclairs. Heap the  cream  in the center of a flat dish, and arrange the profiteroles around it.
 
 Chocolate Ice-cream : 
 For about two quarts and a half of  cream  use a pint and a half of  milk , a quart of thin  cream , two cupfuls of sugar, two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , two eggs, and two heaping tablespoonfuls of  flour .
 Put the  milk  on to boil in a double-boiler. Put the  flour  and one cupful of the sugar in a bowl; add the eggs, and beat the mixture until light. Stir this into the boiling  milk , and cook for twenty minutes, stirring often.
 Scrape the  chocolate , and put it in a small saucepan. Add four tablespoonfuls of sugar (which should be taken from the second cupful) and two tablespoonfuls of hot  water . Stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy. Add this to the cooking mixture.
 When the preparation has cooked for twenty minutes, take it from the fire and add the remainder of the sugar and the  cream , which should be gradually beaten into the hot mixture. Set away to cool, and when cold, freeze.
 
 Chocolate Cream Pies : 
 Beat to a  cream  half a cupful of  butter  and a cupful and a quarter of  powdered sugar . Add two well-beaten eggs, two tablespoonfuls of wine, half a cupful of  milk , and a cupful and a half of sifted  flour , with which has been mixed a teaspoonful and a half of  baking powder . Bake this in four well-buttered, deep, tin plates for about fifteen minutes in a moderate oven.
 Put half a pint of  milk  in the double-boiler, and on the fire. Beat together the yolks of two eggs, three tablespoonfuls of  powdered sugar , and a level tablespoonful of  flour . Stir this mixture into the boiling  milk , beating well. Add one-sixth of a teaspoonful of  salt , and cook for fifteen minutes, stirring often. When cooked, flavor with half a teaspoonful of  vanilla extract . Put two of the cakes on two large plates, spread the  cream  over them, and lay the other two cakes on top. Beat the whites of the two eggs to a stiff froth, and then beat into them one cupful of  powdered sugar  and one teaspoonful of  vanilla . Shave one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and put it in a small pan with two tablespoonfuls of sugar and one tablespoonful of boiling  water . Stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy. Now add three tablespoonfuls of  cream  or  milk , and stir into the beaten  egg  and sugar. Spread on the pies and set away for a few hours.
 
 Chocolate Mousse : 
 Put a three-quart mould in a wooden pail, first lining the bottom with fine ice and a thin layer of  coarse salt . Pack the space between the mould and the pail solidly with fine ice and  coarse salt , using two quarts of  salt  and ice enough to fill the space. Whip one quart of  cream , and drain it in a sieve. Whip again all the  cream  that drains through. Put in a small pan one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , three tablespoonfuls of sugar and one of boiling  water , and stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy. Add three tablespoonfuls of  cream . Sprinkle a cupful of  powdered sugar  over the whipped cream. Pour the  chocolate  in a thin stream into the  cream , and stir gently until well mixed. Wipe out the chilled mould, and turn the  cream  into it. Cover, and then place a little ice lightly on top. Wet a piece of carpet in  water , and cover the top of the pail. Set away for three or four hours; then take the mould from the ice, dip it in cold  water , wipe, and then turn the mousse out on a flat dish.
 
 Chocolate Charlotte : 
 Soak a quarter of a package of  gelatine  in one-third of a cupful of cold  water  for two hours. Whip one pint of  cream  to a froth, and put it in a bowl, which should be placed in a pan of ice- water . Put half an ounce of  shaved chocolate  in a small pan with two tablespoonfuls of sugar and one of boiling  water , and stir over the hot fire until smooth and glossy. Add to this a gill of hot  milk  and the soaked  gelatine , and stir until the  gelatine  is dissolved. Sprinkle a generous half cupful of powdered sugar over the  cream . Now add the  chocolate  and  gelatine  mixture, and stir gently until it begins to thicken. Line a quart charlotte-mould with lady fingers, and when the  cream  is so thick that it will just pour, turn it gently into the mould. Place the charlotte in a cold place for an hour or more, and, at serving time, turn out on a flat dish.
 
 Chocolate Bavarian Cream : 
 For one large mould of  cream , use half a package of  gelatine , one gill of  milk , two quarts of whipped cream, one gill of sugar, and two and a half ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate .
 Soak the  gelatine  in cold  water  for two hours. Whip and drain the  cream , scrape the  chocolate , and put the  milk  on to boil. Put the  chocolate , two tablespoonfuls of sugar and one of hot  water  in a small saucepan, and stir on a hot fire until smooth and glossy. Stir this into the hot  milk . Now add the soaked  gelatine  and the remainder of the sugar. Strain this mixture into a basin that will hold two quarts or more. Place the basin in a pan of ice- water , and stir until cold, when it will begin to thicken. Instantly begin to stir in the whipped cream, adding half the amount at first. When all the  cream  has been added, dip the mould in cold  water  and turn the  cream  into it. Place in the ice-chest for an hour or more.
 At serving-time dip the mould in tepid  water . See that the  cream  will come from the sides of the mould, and turn out on a flat dish. Serve with whipped cream.
 
 Chocolate Cream : 
 Soak a box of  gelatine  in half a pint of cold  water  for two hours. Put one quart of  milk  in the double-boiler, and place on the fire. Shave two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and put it in a small pan with four tablespoonfuls of sugar and two of boiling  water . Stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy, and then stir into the hot  milk . Beat the yolks of five eggs with half a cupful of sugar. Add to the  gelatine , and stir the mixture into the hot  milk . Cook three minutes longer, stirring all the while. On taking from the fire, add two teaspoonfuls of  vanilla  and half a saltspoonful of  salt . Strain, and pour into moulds that have been rinsed in cold  water . Set away to harden, and serve with sugar and  cream .
 
 Chocolate Blanc-Mange : 
 Put one quart of  milk  in the double-boiler, and place on the fire. Sprinkle into it one level tablespoonful of sea-moss  farina . Cover, and cook until the mixture looks white, stirring frequently. It will take about twenty minutes. While the  milk  and  farina  are cooking, shave two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and put it into a small pan with four tablespoonfuls of sugar and two of boiling  water . Stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy, then stir into the cooked mixture. Add a saltspoonful of  salt  and a teaspoonful of  vanilla . Strain, and turn into a mould that has been rinsed in cold  water . Set the mould in a cold place, and do not disturb it until the blanc-mange is cold and firm. Serve with sugar and  cream .
 
 Chocolate Cream Renversée : 
 Use one quart of  milk , seven eggs, half a pint of sugar, one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , half a teaspoonful of  salt . Put the  milk  on the fire in the double-boiler. Shave the  chocolate , and put it in a small pan with three tablespoonfuls of the sugar and one of boiling  water . Stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy; then stir into the hot  milk , and take the  milk  from the fire to cool.
 Put three tablespoonfuls of sugar into a charlotte-mould that will hold a little more than a quart, and place on the stove. When the sugar melts and begins to smoke, move the mould round and round, to coat it with the burnt sugar, then place on the table. Beat together the remainder of the sugar, the eggs, and the  salt . Add the cold  milk  and  chocolate  to the mixture, and after straining into the charlotte-mould, place in a deep pan, with enough tepid  water  to come nearly to the top of the mould. Bake in a moderate oven until firm in the center. Test the  cream  by running a knife through the center. If firm and smooth, it is done. It will take forty or forty-five minutes to cook. When icy-cold, turn on a flat dish. Serve with whipped cream that has been flavored with sugar and  vanilla .
 
 Baked Chocolate Custard : 
 For five small custards use one pint of  milk , two eggs, one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , one-fourth of a teaspoonful of  salt , and a piece of stick  cinnamon  about an inch long.
 Put the  cinnamon  and  milk  in the double-boiler, place on the fire and cook for ten minutes. Shave the  chocolate , and put it in a small pan with three tablespoonfuls of sugar and one of boiling  water . Stir this
over a hot fire until smooth and glossy, and then stir it into the hot  milk , after which take the liquid mixture from the fire and cool.
 Beat together with a spoon the eggs,  salt  and two tablespoonfuls of the sugar. Add the cooled  milk  and strain. Pour the mixture into the cups, which place in a deep pan. Pour into the pan enough tepid  water  to come nearly to the top of the cups. Bake in a moderate oven until firm in the center. It will take about half an hour. Test by running a knife through the center. If the custard is milky, it is not done. Serve very cold.
 
 Chocolate Soufflé : 
 Half a pint of  milk , two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate , three tablespoonfuls of sugar, one rounding tablespoonful of  butter , two tablespoonfuls of  flour , four eggs.
 Put the  milk  in the double-boiler, and place on the fire. Beat the  butter  to a soft  cream , and beat the  flour  into it. Gradually pour the hot  milk  on this, stirring all the time. Return to the fire and cook for six minutes. Put the  shaved chocolate , sugar, and two tablespoonfuls of  water  in a small pan over a hot fire, and stir until smooth and glossy. Stir this into the mixture in the double-boiler. Take from the fire and
add the yolks of the eggs, well beaten; then set away to cool. When cool add the whites of the eggs, beaten to a stiff froth. Pour the batter into a well-buttered earthen dish that will hold about a quart, and cook in a moderate oven for twenty-two minutes. Serve immediately with  vanilla   cream  sauce.
 
 Chocolate Pudding : 
 Reserve one gill of  milk  from a quart, and put the remainder on the fire in a double-boiler. Mix three tablespoonfuls of  cornstarch  with the cold  milk . Beat two eggs with half a cupful of  powdered sugar  and half a teaspoonful of  salt . Add this to the  cornstarch  and  milk , and stir into the boiling  milk , beating well for a minute. Shave fine two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , and put it into a small pan with four tablespoonfuls of sugar and two of boiling  water . Stir over a hot fire until smooth and glossy; then beat into the hot pudding. Cook the pudding in all ten minutes, counting from the time the eggs and  cornstarch  are added. Serve cold with  powdered sugar  and  cream . This pudding can be poured while hot into little cups which have been rinsed in cold  water . At serving time turn out on a flat dish, making a circle, and fill the center of the dish with whipped cream flavored with sugar and  vanilla .
 The eggs may be omitted, in which case use one more tablespoonful of  cornstarch .
 
 Chocolate Meringue Pudding : 
 For a small pudding use one pint of  milk , two tablespoonfuls and a half of  cornstarch , one ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate , two eggs, five tablespoonfuls of  powdered sugar , one-fourth of a teaspoonful of  salt , and half a teaspoonful of  vanilla extract .
 Mix the  cornstarch  with one gill of the  milk . Put the remainder of the  milk  on to boil in the double-boiler. Scrape the  chocolate . When the  milk  boils, add the  cornstarch ,  salt , and  chocolate , and cook for ten minutes. Beat the yolks of the eggs with three tablespoonfuls of sugar. Pour the hot mixture on this, and beat well. Turn into a pudding-dish that will hold about a quart, and bake for twenty minutes in a moderate oven.
 Beat the whites of the eggs to a stiff, dry froth, and gradually beat in the remaining two tablespoonfuls of sugar and the  vanilla . Spread this on the pudding, and return to the oven. Cook for fifteen minutes longer, but with the oven-door open. Serve either cold or hot.
 
 Milton Pudding : 
 Use one pint of stale bread broken in crumbs, one quart of  milk , two eggs, half a teaspoonful of  salt , half a teaspoonful of ground  cinnamon , three tablespoonfuls of sugar and two ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate , grated. Put the bread,  milk ,  cinnamon , and  chocolate  in a bowl, and soak for two or three hours. Beat together the eggs, sugar, and  salt . Mash the soaked bread with a spoon, and add the  egg  mixture to the bread and  milk . Pour into a pudding-dish, and bake in a slow oven for about forty minutes. Serve with an  egg  sauce or a  vanilla   cream  sauce.
 Egg Sauce.--Beat the whites of two eggs to a stiff, dry froth; and beat into this, a little at a time, one cupful of  powdered sugar . When smooth and light, add one teaspoonful of  vanilla  and the yolks of two eggs. Beat the mixture a little longer; then stir in one cupful of whipped  cream  or three tablespoonfuls of  milk . Serve at once.
 Vanilla Cream Sauce.--Beat to a  cream  three tablespoonfuls of  butter , and gradually beat into this two-thirds of a cupful of  powdered sugar . When this is light and creamy, add a teaspoonful of  vanilla ; then gradually beat in two cupfuls of whipped cream. Place the bowl in a pan of boiling  water , and stir constantly for three minutes. Pour the sauce into a warm bowl, and serve.
 
 Snow Pudding : 
 Put a pint of  milk  in the double-boiler and on the fire. Mix three tablespoonfuls of  cornstarch  with a gill of  milk  and one-third of a teaspoonful of  salt . Stir this into the  milk  when it boils. Beat the whites of four eggs to a stiff froth, and then gradually beat into them half a cupful of  powdered sugar  and one teaspoonful of  vanilla . Add this to the cooking mixture, and beat vigorously for one minute. Rinse a mould in cold  water , and pouring the pudding into it, set away to cool. At serving-time turn out on a flat dish, and serve with  chocolate  sauce.
 
 Chocolate Sauce : 
 Put one pint of  milk  in the double-boiler, and on the fire. Shave two ounces of Walter Baker and Co.'s  chocolate , and put it in a small pan with four tablespoonfuls of sugar and two of boiling  water . Stir over the fire until smooth and glossy, and add to the hot  milk . Beat together for eight minutes the yolks of four eggs, three tablespoonfuls of sugar, and a saltspoonful of  salt , and then add one gill of cold  milk .
 Pour the boiling  milk  on this, stirring well. Return to the double-boiler, and cook for five minutes, stirring all the time. Pour into a cold bowl and set the bowl in cold  water . Stir for a few minutes, and then occasionally until the sauce is cold.
 This sauce is nice for cold or hot  cornstarch  pudding, bread pudding, cold cabinet pudding, snow pudding, etc. It will also answer for a dessert. Fill custard glasses with it, and serve the same as soft custard; or have the glasses two-thirds full, and heap up with whipped  cream .
 
 Chocolate Candy : 
 One cupful of  molasses , two cupfuls of sugar, one cupful of  milk , one-half pound of  chocolate , a piece of  butter  half the size of an  egg . Boil the  milk  and  molasses  together, scrape the  chocolate  fine, and mix with just enough of the boiling  milk  and  molasses  to moisten; rub it perfectly smooth, then, with the sugar, stir into the boiling liquid; add the  butter , and boil twenty minutes. Try as  molasses  candy, and if it hardens, pour into a buttered dish. Cut the same as nut candy.
 
 Cream Chocolate Caramels : 
 Mix together in a granite-ware saucepan half a pint of sugar, half a pint of  molasses , half a pint of thick  cream , one generous tablespoonful of  butter , and four ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate . Place on the fire and stir until the mixture boils. Cook until a few drops of it will harden if dropped into ice- water ; then pour into well-buttered pans, having the mixture about three-fourths of an inch deep. When nearly cold, mark into squares. It will take almost an hour to boil this in a granite-ware pan, but not half so long if cooked in an iron frying-pan. Stir frequently while boiling. The  caramels  must be put in a very cold place to harden.
 
 Sugar Chocolate Caramels : 
 Mix two cupfuls of sugar, three-fourths of a cupful of  milk  or  cream , one generous tablespoonful of  butter , and three ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate . Place on the fire and cook, stirring often, until a little of the mixture, when dropped in ice- water , will harden; then stir in one-fourth of a cupful of sugar and one tablespoonful of  vanilla , and pour into a well-buttered pan, having the mixture about three-fourths of an inch deep. When nearly cold, mark it off in squares, and put in a cold place to harden. These  caramels  are sugary and brittle, and can be made in the hottest weather without trouble. If a deep granite-ware saucepan be used for the  boiling, it will take nearly an hour to cook the mixture; but if with an iron frying-pan, twenty or thirty minutes will suffice.
 
 Chocolate Creams, No. 1 : 
 Beat the whites of two eggs to a stiff froth. Gradually beat into this two cupfuls of confectioners' sugar. If the eggs be large, it may take a little more sugar. Flavor with half a teaspoonful of  vanilla , and work well. Now roll into little balls, and drop on a slightly buttered platter. Let the balls stand for an hour or more. Shave five ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate  and put into a small bowl, which place on the fire in a saucepan containing boiling  water . When the  chocolate  is melted, take the saucepan to the table, and drop the creams into the  chocolate  one at a time, taking them out with a fork and dropping them gently on the buttered dish. It will take half an hour or more to harden the  chocolate .
 
 Chocolate Creams, No. 2 : 
 For these creams you should make a fondant in this way: put into a granite-ware saucepan one cupful of  water  and two of granulated sugar—or a pound of loaf sugar. Stir until the sugar is nearly melted, then place on the fire and heat slowly, but do not stir the mixture. Watch carefully and note when it begins to boil. When the sugar has been boiling for ten minutes, take up a little of it and drop in ice- water . If it hardens enough to form a soft ball when rolled between the thumb and finger, it is cooked enough. Take the saucepan from the fire instantly, and set in a cool, dry place. When the syrup is so cool that the finger can be held in it comfortably, pour it into a bowl, and stir
with a wooden spoon until it becomes thick and white. When it begins to look dry, and a little hard, take out the spoon, and work with the hand until the  cream  is soft and smooth. Flavor with a few drops of  vanilla , and, after shaping, cover with  chocolate , as directed in the preceding recipe.
 Caution. —Do not stir the syrup while it is cooking, and be careful not to jar or shake the saucepan.
 
 Chocolate Cones : 
 Boil the sugar as directed for fondant in the recipe for  chocolate  Creams, No. 2, but not quite so long—say about eleven minutes. The syrup, when tested, should be too soft to ball. When cold, pour into a bowl, and beat until thick and creamy. If properly boiled, it will not become thick enough to work with the hands.
 Have six ounces of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate  melted in a bowl. Pour half of the creamed sugar into another bowl, and, after flavoring with a few drops of  vanilla , add to it about one-third of the dissolved  chocolate . Stir until thick and rather dry; then make into small cones, and drop on a slightly buttered platter. Put half of the remaining creamed sugar in a cup, and set in a saucepan containing boiling  water . Flavor with  vanilla , and stir over the fire until melted so much that it will pour from the spoon. Take the saucepan to the table and dip one-half the cones in, one at a time, just as the  chocolate  Creams, No. 1, were dipped in the melted  chocolate . If liked, a second coating may be given the cones. Now put the remainder of the creamed
sugar on to melt, and add two tablespoonfuls of hot  water  to it. Stir the remainder of the melted  chocolate  into this, and if too thick to dip the candy in, add hot  water , a few drops at a time, until the mixture is of the right consistency; then dip the rest of the cones in this.
 
 Genesee Bon-Bons : 
 Make the  cream   chocolate   caramels , and get them quite firm by placing the pan on ice. Make the  chocolate  coating as directed for  chocolate  cones. Dip the  caramels  in this and put on a buttered dish.
 
 Chocolate Syrup : 
 Into a granite-ware saucepan put one ounce—three tablespoonfuls—of Walter Baker & Co.'s Soluble  chocolate , and gradually pour on it half a pint of boiling  water , stirring all the time. Place on the fire, and stir until all the  chocolate  is dissolved. Now add one pint of  granulated sugar , and stir until it begins to boil. Cook for three minutes longer, then strain and cool. When cool, add one tablespoonful of  vanilla extract . Bottle, and keep in a cold place.
 
 Refreshing drinks for summer : 
 Put into a tumbler about two tablespoonfuls of broken ice, two tablespoonfuls of  chocolate  syrup, three  tablespoonfuls of whipped  cream , one gill of  milk , and half a gill of soda- water  from a syphon bottle, or Apollinaris  water . Stir well before drinking. A tablespoonful of  vanilla  ice- cream  is a desirable addition. It is a delicious drink, even if the soda or Apollinaris  water  and ice- cream  be omitted. A plainer drink is made by combining the syrup, a gill and a half of  milk , and the ice, shaking well.
 
 A few suggestions in regard to chocolate : 
 The best flavor to add to  chocolate  is  vanilla ; next to that,  cinnamon . Beyond these two things one should use great caution, as it is very easy to spoil the fine natural flavor of the bean.  chocolate  absorbs odors readily; therefore it should be kept in a pure, sweet atmosphere. As about eleven per cent. of the  chocolate  bean is starch,  chocolate  and  cocoa  are of a much finer flavor if boiled for a few minutes. Long boiling, however, ruins their flavor and texture.
 Recipes Specially Prepared  by  Miss Elizabeth Kevill Burr
 (All measurements should be level.)
 
 Formula for making three gallons of Breakfast Cocoa : 
 ½ a pound of Walter Baker and Co.'s  cocoa , 
 1½ gallons of  water , hot, 
 1½ gallons of  milk , hot. 
 This should not be allowed to boil. Either make it in a large double-boiler, or a large saucepan or kettle over  water . Mix the  cocoa  with enough cold  water  to make a paste, and be sure it is free from lumps. Heat together the  milk  and  water , and pour in the  cocoa ; then cook at least an hour, stirring occasionally.
 
 Cracked Cocoa : 
 To one-third a cup of Baker's Cracked  cocoa  (sometimes called "Cocoa Nibs") use three cups of cold  water ; cook slowly at least one hour—the longer the better. Then strain the liquid and add one cup (or more if desired) of  milk , and serve very hot. Do not allow the mixture to boil after  milk  has been added.
 
 Vanilla Chocolate with Whipped Cream : 
 one cake (½ a pound) of Walter Baker and Co.'s  vanilla   sweet chocolate , 
 4 cups of boiling  water , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 4 cups of hot  milk . 
 This must be made in a double-boiler. Put the  chocolate , boiling  water  and  salt  in upper part of the double-boiler. Stir and beat with a wooden spoon until the  chocolate  is dissolved and smooth. Add the  milk  and when
thoroughly hot, strain, and serve with unsweetened whipped cream. More cooking will improve it.
 
 Chocolate Cream Pie : 
 Line a pie plate with rich pie crust, putting on an extra edge of crust the same as for custard pie. Fill with the  chocolate  filling made after the following recipe. Bake in a hot oven until crust is done; remove, and when cool, cover with a meringue and brown very slowly in moderate oven.
 
 Chocolate Filling : 
 1 cup of  milk , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 1½ squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  flour , 
 2 eggs (yolks), 
 5 tablespoonfuls of  sugar  (level), 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Put  milk ,  salt  and  chocolate  in upper part of the double-boiler, and when hot and smooth, stir in the  flour , which has been mixed with enough cold  milk  to be thin enough to pour into the hot  milk . Cook, stirring constantly, until it thickens; then let it cook eight or ten minutes. Mix the eggs and sugar together and pour the hot mixture over them, stirring well; put back in double-boiler and cook, stirring constantly one minute. Remove, and when cool add one teaspoonful of  vanilla .
 
 Meringue : 
 2 eggs (whites), 
 pinch of  salt , 
 4 level tablespoonfuls of  sugar , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Add  salt  to eggs and beat in a large shallow dish with fork or egg-whip until stiff and flaky and dish can be turned upside down. Beat in the sugar slowly, then the  vanilla , and beat until the dish can be turned upside down.
 
 Cocoa Sticks : 
 6 tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 ¾ cup of  sugar  (scant), 
 1  egg , 
 1 tablespoonful of  milk , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla  or pinch of  cinnamon , 
 5 teaspoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 ⅛ teaspoonful of  baking powder , 
 1¼ to 1½ cups of sifted  pastry flour . 
 Cream the  butter  until soft; add the sugar gradually and beat well; add the beaten  egg ,  milk  and  vanilla ; mix thoroughly. Sift  cocoa , baking powder, and a pinch of  salt  with about one-half cup of the  flour ; stir this into the mixture first, then use the remainder of the  flour , and more if necessary, to make a firm dough that will not stick to the fingers. Set on the ice to harden. Sprinkle the board with  cocoa  and a very little sugar. Use small pieces of the dough at a time, toss it over the board to prevent sticking, roll out thin, cut in strips about one-half inch wide and three inches long. Place closely in pan and bake in moderately hot oven three or four minutes. Great care should be taken in the baking to prevent burning.
 It is advisable to gather the scraps after each rolling, if soft, and set away to harden, for fear of getting in too much  cocoa , thus making them bitter.
 The colder and harder the dough is, the better it can be handled; therefore it can be made the day before using.
 
 Cocoa Frosting : 
 4 teaspoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 2 tablespoonfuls of cold  water , 
 3 tablespoonfuls of hot  water , 
 ½ a teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 about 1¾ cups of  confectioners' sugar . 
 Put the  cocoa  in a small saucepan; add the cold  water  and stir until perfectly smooth; then the hot  water , and cook for one or two minutes, add  vanilla  and a speck of  salt , then stir in enough sugar to make it stiff enough to spread nicely. Beat until smooth and glossy and free from lumps.
 If too thick, add a little cold  water . If not thick enough, add a little sugar. Never make a frosting so stiff that it will have to be made smooth with a wet knife. It is better to let it run to the sides of the cake. For frosting sides of the cake, make a little stiffer. 
 This frosting never cracks as an  egg  frosting, but is hard enough to cut nicely.
 
 Cocoa Sauce : 
 2 tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 1 cup of boiling  water , 
 2 tablespoonfuls of  flour , 
 4 tablespoonfuls of  sugar , 
 4 teaspoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Melt the  butter  in the saucepan; mix the  flour  and  cocoa  together and stir into the  butter ; add gradually the hot  water , stirring and beating each time; cook until it thickens. Just before serving, add the sugar,  vanilla  and a pinch of  salt , if necessary.
 Use more  cocoa  if liked stronger. This sauce will be found excellent for cottage puddings, Dutch apple cakes, steamed apple puddings, etc.
 
 Cocoa Cake : 
 ½ a cup of  butter , 
 ¾ a cup of  milk , 
 1 cup of  sugar , 
 6 level tablespoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 3 eggs, 
 2 level teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 1½ or 2 cups of sifted  pastry flour . 
 Cream the  butter , stir in the sugar gradually, add the unbeaten eggs, and beat all together until very creamy. Sift together one-half cup of the  flour , the  cocoa  and  baking powder ; use this  flour  first, then alternate the  milk  and remaining  flour , using enough to make mixture stiff enough to drop from the spoon; add  vanilla  and beat until very smooth; then bake in loaf in moderately hot oven thirty-five or forty minutes.
 Tests for baking cake. It is baked enough when:
 
 It shrinks from the pan. 
 Touching it on the top, springs back. 
 No singing sound. 
 Cocoa Meringue Pudding : 
 1 cup of  milk , 
 2 eggs (yolks), 
 2 tablespoonfuls of  flour , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 4 teaspoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 3 tablespoonfuls of  sugar , 
 ½ a teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Put the  milk  in the upper part of the double-boiler, and heat. Mix  flour  and  cocoa  together and soften in a little cold  milk ; mix until free from lumps. When the  milk  is hot, add the  flour , and cook, stirring often, eight or ten minutes. Beat yolks of eggs lightly; add sugar and  salt , and mix well. When mixture in double-boiler has cooked sufficiently, strain it over the mixture in the bowl. Put back in double-boiler and allow it to cook one or two minutes (stirring constantly), just enough to slightly thicken the eggs. Remove from the stove, and when cool add  vanilla  and put in the serving-dish. Cover with a meringue. Place dish on a board, put in the oven with the door open, and allow it to remain there for ten or fifteen minutes, and when the meringue will not stick to the fingers, close the door and let it brown slightly. This pudding can be eaten warm or cold, but is much better cold. This will serve four persons generously.
 
 Chocolate Almonds : 
 Blanch the almonds by pouring boiling  water  on them, and let them stand two or three minutes. Roast them in oven. Dip them in the following recipe for  chocolate  coating, and drop on paraffine paper.
 
 ½ pound cake of Walter Baker's  vanilla   sweet chocolate , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 2 tablespoonfuls of boiling  water . 
 Put  chocolate  in small saucepan over boiling  water  and when melted stir in  butter  and  water . Mix well. If found to be too thick, add more  water ; if too thin, more  chocolate .
 
 Hot Chocolate Sauce : 
 1 cup of boiling  water , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 1 square of  chocolate , 
 ½ a cup of  sugar . 
 Cook all together slowly until it is the consistency of  maple syrup , or thicker if desired. Just before serving, add one teaspoonful of  vanilla . This will keep indefinitely, and can be reheated.
 
 Cocoa Sponge Cake : 
 4 eggs, 
 ¼ a cup of  sugar , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 4 tablespoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 ½ a cup of sifted  pastry flour , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Separate yolks from whites of eggs; beat yolks in a small bowl with the Dover egg-beater until very thick; add sugar,  salt  and  vanilla , and beat again until very thick. Sift  cocoa  and the  flour  together and stir very lightly into the mixture; fold in the stiffly beaten whites of the eggs, and bake in a loaf in a moderate oven until done.
 Do not  butter  the pan, but when cake is baked, invert the pan; and when cool, remove the cake.
 
 Chocolate Frosting : 
 1 square of Baker's  chocolate , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 5 tablespoonfuls of boiling  water , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 about three cups of sifted  confectioners' sugar . 
 Melt  chocolate  in bowl over tea-kettle, add  water ,  salt  and  vanilla , and when smooth add the sugar, and heat until very glossy. Make the frosting stiff enough to spread without using a wet knife. It will keep indefinitely.
 
 Chocolate Cake, or Devil's Food : 
 5 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 1¼ cups of  sugar , 
 3½ squares of Baker's  chocolate , (melted), 
 3 eggs, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 ¾ a cup of  milk , 
 3½ level teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , 
 1½ cups of sifted  pastry flour . 
 Cream the  butter , add sugar and  chocolate , then the unbeaten eggs and  vanilla , and beat together until very smooth. Sift the  baking powder  with one-half a cup of the  flour , and use first; then alternate the  milk  and the remaining  flour , and make the mixture stiff enough to drop from the spoon. Beat until very smooth and bake in loaf in moderate oven. For tests see  cocoa  Cake recipe on page 25.
 
 Chocolate Ice-cream : 
 1 quart of  milk , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 3 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 3 level tablespoonfuls of  flour , 
 1 can of  sweetened condensed milk , 
 3 eggs, 
 6 level tablespoonfuls of  sugar , 
 3 teaspoonfuls of  vanilla . 
 Put  milk ,  salt  and  chocolate  in double-boiler, and when  milk  is hot and  chocolate  has melted, stir in the  flour , previously mixed in a little cold  milk . Cook ten minutes, then pour this over the condensed milk, eggs and sugar mixed together; cook again for four minutes, stirring. Strain, and when cool add  vanilla , and freeze.
 
 Chocolate Whip : 
 1 cup of  milk , 
 1½ squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  cornstarch , 
 2 eggs (yolks), 
 6 level tablespoonfuls of  sugar , 
 2 teaspoonfuls of  vanilla , 
 5 eggs (whites). 
 Put  milk ,  chocolate  and  salt  in double-boiler; mix  cornstarch  in a small quantity of cold  milk , and stir into the hot  milk  when the  chocolate  has been melted; stir until smooth, then cook twelve minutes. Mix  together the yolks of the eggs and sugar, then pour the hot mixture over it; cook again one or two minutes, stirring. When very cold, just before serving, add the  vanilla  and fold in the stiffly beaten whites of the eggs. Pile lightly in a glass dish and serve with lady fingers. A meringue can be made of the whites of the eggs and sugar, then folded in the  chocolate  mixture, but it does not stand as long.
 
 Cocoa Marble Cake : 
 6 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 1 cup of  granulated sugar , 
 3 eggs, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 ¾ a cup of  milk . 
 Three level teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , about one and three-quarter cups of sifted  flour , or  flour  enough to make mixture stiff enough to drop from the spoon. Mix in the order given. Reserve one-third of this mixture and add to it four level tablespoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa  and to the other one cup of shredded cocoanut. Bake thirty-five or forty minutes according to size and shape of pan.
 
 Chocolate Marble cake : 
 This is the same as the  cocoa  Marble Cake. Add to one-third of the mixture one and one-half squares of Baker's  chocolate  in place of the  cocoa , and one cup of chopped walnuts to the other part in place of the shredded cocoanut.
 
 Chocolate Jelly : 
 1 pint of boiling  water , 
 ⅓ a package of  gelatine , 
 2 pinches of  salt , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of sugar, 
 1½ squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Put the  water ,  salt  and  chocolate  in a saucepan. Cook, stirring until the  chocolate  melts, then let it boil for three or five minutes. Soften the  gelatine  in a little cold  water  and pour the boiling mixture over it. Stir until dissolved, then add sugar and  vanilla . Pour into a mould and set aside to harden, serve with   cream  and  powdered sugar  or sweetened whipped cream.
 
 Cottage Pudding : 
 4 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 2 eggs, 
 1 cup of sugar, 
 ¾ a cup of  milk . 
 Two level teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , one and three-quarter cups of sifted  flour  or enough to make mixture stiff enough to drop from the spoon. Bake in buttered gem pans in moderately hot oven twenty-three or twenty-five minutes. If the cake springs back after pressing a finger on the top, it shows that it is baked enough. To make a  cocoa  cottage pudding add to the above rule six level tablespoonfuls of  cocoa . Serve with a  vanilla  sauce.
 
 Vanilla Sauce : 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 1 cup of boiling  water , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  flour , 
 4 level tablespoonfuls of sugar, 
 pinch of  salt , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Melt  butter  in saucepan, add  flour  and  salt  and mix until smooth; add slowly the boiling  water , stirring and beating well. Add sugar and  milk .
 
 Cocoanut Soufflé : 
 1 cup of  milk , 
 1 pinch of  salt , 
 3 level tablespoonfuls of  flour , softened in a little cold  milk . 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 4 level tablespoonfuls of sugar, 
 yolks of 4 eggs, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 1 cup of shredded cocoanut, 
 whites of 4 eggs. 
 Heat  milk , add  salt  and  flour  and cook ten minutes after it has thickened. Mix together,  butter , sugar and yolks of eggs. Pour hot mixture over, stirring well and set aside to cool. Add  vanilla  and cocoanut. Lastly fold in the stiffly beaten whites of the eggs. Bake in buttered pan, in moderate oven until firm. Serve hot with Chocolate Sauce.
 
 Chocolate Sauce : 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 1 level tablespoonful of  flour , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 1 cup of boiling  water , 
 1 square of Baker's  chocolate , 
 4 level tablespoonfuls of sugar, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Melt  butter  in saucepan, add dry  flour  and  salt  and mix until smooth, then add slowly the hot  water , beating well. Add the square of  chocolate  and sugar and stir until melted. Add  vanilla , just before serving.
 
 Cocoa Biscuit : 
 2 cups or 1 pint of sifted  flour , 
 3 level teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , 
 ½ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of sugar, 
 4 level tablespoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  butter  or  lard , 
 ⅔ a cup of  milk  or enough to make a firm but not a stiff dough. 
 Sift all the dry ingredients together, rub in the  butter  with the tips of the fingers. Stir in the required amount of  milk . Turn out on slightly floured board, roll or pat out the desired thickness, place close together in pan and bake in very hot oven ten or fifteen minutes.
 
 Cocoa Fudge : 
 ½ a cup of  milk , 
 3 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 2½ cups of  powdered sugar , 
 6 tablespoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa , 
 pinch of  salt , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Mix all ingredients together but  vanilla ; cook, stirring constantly, until it begins to boil, then cook slowly, stirring occasionally, eight or ten minutes, or until it makes a firm ball when dropped in cold  water . When cooked enough, add the  vanilla  and beat until it seems like very cold  molasses  in winter. Pour into a buttered pan; when firm, cut in squares. Great care must be taken not to beat too much, because it cannot be poured into the pan, and will not have a gloss on top.
 
 Miss M.E. Robinson's Recipes : 
 Plain Chocolate : 
 1 ounce or square of Baker's premium  chocolate , 
 3 tablespoonfuls of  sugar , 
 ⅛ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 1 pint of boiling  water , 
 1 pint of  milk . 
 Place the  chocolate ,  sugar  and  salt  in the agate chocolate-pot or saucepan, add the boiling  water  and boil three minutes, stirring once or twice, as the  chocolate  is not grated. Add the  milk  and allow it time to heat, being careful not to boil the  milk , and keep it closely covered, as this prevents the scum from forming. When ready to serve turn in chocolate-pitcher and beat with Dover egg-beater until light and foamy.
 
 Cocoa Doughnuts : 
 One  egg , one-half a cup of  sugar , one-half a cup of  milk , one-quarter teaspoonful of  salt , one-quarter teaspoonful of  cinnamon  extract (Burnett's), two cups of  flour , one-quarter cup of Baker's Breakfast  cocoa , two teaspoonfuls of  baking powder . Mix in the order given, sifting the  baking powder  and  cocoa  with the  flour . Roll to one-third an inch in thickness, cut and fry.
 
 Cocoa Sponge Cake : 
 3 eggs, 
 1½ cups of  sugar , 
 ½ a cup of cold  water , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 1¾ cups of  flour , 
 ¼ a cup of Baker's  cocoa , 
 2 teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , 
 1 teaspoonful of  cinnamon . 
 Beat yolks of eggs light, add  water ,  vanilla  and  sugar ; beat again thoroughly; then add the  flour , with which the  baking powder ,  cocoa  and  cinnamon  have been sifted. Fold in the stiffly beaten whites of the eggs. Bake in a rather quick oven for twenty-five or thirty minutes.
 
 Cocoa Marble Cake : 
 ⅓ a cup of  butter , 
 1 cup of  sugar , 
 1  egg , 
 ½ a cup of  milk , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 2 cups of  flour , 
 2 teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , 
 3 tablespoonfuls of Baker's  cocoa . 
 Cream the  butter , add  sugar ,  vanilla  and  egg ; beat thoroughly, then add  flour  (in which is mixed the  baking powder ) and  milk , alternately, until all added. To one-third of the mixture add the  cocoa , and drop the white and brown mixture in spoonfuls into small, deep pans, and bake about forty minutes in moderate oven.
 
 Cocoa Buns : 
 2 tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 ⅓ a cup of  sugar , 
 1  egg , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 1 cup of scalded  milk , 
 2  compressed yeast  cakes softened in ½ a cup of warm  water , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of extract  cinnamon , 
 ½ a cup of Baker's breakfast  cocoa , 
 3½ to 4 cups of  flour . 
 Mix in order given, having dough as soft as can be handled, turn onto moulding board, roll into a square about an inch in thickness, sprinkle on one-half cup of  currants , fold the sides to meet the centre, then each end to centre, and fold again. Roll as at first, using another one-half cup  currants , fold, roll and fold again. Place in a bowl which
is set in pan of warm  water , let raise forty minutes. Shape, place in pan, let raise until doubled in size. Bake fifteen to twenty minutes. As you take from oven, brush the top with white of one  egg  beaten with one-half cup  confectioners' sugar . Let stand five minutes. Then they are ready to serve.
 
 Mrs. Rorer's Chocolate Cake : 
 2 ounces of  chocolate , 
 4 eggs, 
 ½ a cup of  milk , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 ½ a cup of  butter , 
 1½ cups of  sugar , 
 1 heaping teaspoonful of  baking powder , 
 1¾ cups of  flour . 
 Dissolve the  chocolate  in five tablespoonfuls of boiling  water . Beat the  butter  to a  cream , add the yolks, beat again, then the  milk , then the melted  chocolate  and  flour . Give the whole a vigorous beating. Now beat the whites of the eggs to a stiff froth, and stir them carefully into the mixture; add the  vanilla  and  baking powder . Mix quickly and lightly, turn into well-greased cake pan and bake in a moderate oven forty-five
minutes. —  From Mrs. Rorer's Cook Book. 
 
 Mrs. Lincoln's Chocolate Caramels : 
 One cup of  molasses , half a cup of  sugar , one-quarter of a pound of  chocolate  cut fine, half a cup of  milk , and one heaping tablespoonful of  butter . Boil all together, stirring all the time. When it hardens in cold  water , pour it into shallow pans, and as it cools cut in small squares. —  From Mrs. Lincoln's Boston Cook Book. 
 
 Miss Farmer's Chocolate Nougat Cake : 
 ¼ a cup of  butter , 
 1½ cups of  powdered sugar , 
 1  egg , 
 1 cup of  milk , 
 2 cups of  bread flour , 
 3 teaspoonfuls of  baking powder , 
 ½ teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 2 squares of  chocolate , melted, 
 ½ a cup of  powdered sugar , 
 ⅔ a cup of almonds blanched and shredded. 
 Cream the  butter , add gradually one and one-half cups of  sugar , and  egg  unbeaten; when well mixed, add two-thirds  milk ,  flour  mixed and sifted with  baking powder , and  vanilla . To melted  chocolate  add one-third a cup of  powdered sugar , place on range, add gradually remaining  milk , and cook until smooth. Cool slightly and add to cake mixture. Bake fifteen to twenty minutes in round layer-cake pans. Put between layers and on top of cake White Mountain  cream  sprinkled with almonds. —  From Boston Cooking School Cook Book — Fannie Merritt Farmer. 
 
 Mrs. Armstrong's Chocolate Pudding : 
 Soften three cups of stale bread in an equal quantity of  milk . Melt two squares of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate  over hot  water  and mix with half a cup of  sugar , a little  salt , three beaten eggs and half a teaspoonful of  vanilla . Mix this thoroughly with the bread and place in well-buttered custard-cups. Steam about half an hour (according to size) and serve in the cups or turned out on warm plate. —  Mrs. Helen Armstrong. 
 
 Mrs. Armstrong's Chocolate Charlotte : 
 Soak a quarter of a package of  gelatine  in one-fourth of a cupful of cold  water . Whip one pint of  cream  to a froth and put it in a bowl, which should be placed in a pan of ice  water . Put an ounce of Walter Baker & Co.'s  chocolate  in a small pan with two tablespoonfuls of  sugar  and one of boiling  water , and stir over the hot fire until smooth and glossy. Add to this a gill of hot  milk  and the soaked  gelatine , and stir until the  gelatine  is dissolved. Sprinkle a generous half cupful of  powdered sugar  over the  cream . Now add the  chocolate  and  gelatine  mixture and stir gently until it begins to thicken. Line a quart charlotte mould with lady fingers, and when the  cream  is so thick that it will just pour, turn it gently into the mould. Place the charlotte in a cold place for an hour or more, and at serving time turn out on a flat dish. —  Mrs. Helen Armstrong. 
 
 Chocolate Jelly with Crystallized Green Gages : 
 Dissolve in a quart of  water  three tablespoonfuls of grated  chocolate ; let come to a boil; simmer ten minutes; add a cup of  sugar  and a box of  gelatine  (that has been softened in a cup of  water ) and strain through a jelly bag or two thicknesses of cheese-cloth. When almost cold, add a dessertspoonful of  vanilla  and a tablespoonful of brandy. Then whisk well; add half a pound of crystallized green gages cut into small pieces; pour into a pretty mould, and when cold serve with whipped  cream .
 
 Mrs. Bedford's Chocolate Crullers : 
 Cream two tablespoonfuls of  butter  and one-half of a cupful of  sugar ; gradually add the beaten yolks of three eggs and one and one-half cupfuls more of  sugar , one cupful of  sour milk , one teaspoonful of  vanilla , two ounces of  chocolate  grated and melted over hot  water , one-third of a teaspoonful of soda dissolved in one-half of a teaspoonful of boiling  water , the whites of the eggs whipped to a stiff froth, and sufficient sifted  flour  to make a soft dough. Roll out, cut into oblongs; divide each into three strips, leaving the dough united at one end. Braid loosely, pinch the ends together and cook until golden-brown in smoking-hot fat. —  Mrs. Cornelia C. Bedford. 
 
 Mrs. Bedford's Hot Cocoa Sauce for Ice-cream : 
 Boil together one and one-half cupfuls of  water  and one cupful of  sugar  for two minutes; add one tablespoonful of  arrowroot  dissolved in a little cold  water , stir for a moment, then boil until clear. Add two tablespoonfuls of  cocoa  which has been dissolved in a little hot  water  and a tiny pinch of  salt  and boil three minutes longer. Take from the fire and add one teaspoonful of  vanilla . —  Mrs. Cornelia C. Bedford. 
 
 Mrs. Bedford's Chocolate Macaroons : 
 Grate one-quarter of a pound of  chocolate  and mix one-quarter of a pound of sifted  powdered sugar  and one-quarter of a pound of blanched and  ground almonds . Add a pinch of  cinnamon  and mix to a soft paste with eggs beaten until thick. Drop in half-teaspoonfuls on slightly buttered paper and bake in a moderate oven. Do not take from the paper until cold; then brush the under side with cold  water , and the paper can be readily stripped off. —  Mrs. Cornelia C. Bedford. 
 
 Mrs. Ewing's Creamy Cocoa : 
 Stir together in a saucepan half a cup of Walter Baker & Co.'s Breakfast  cocoa , half a cup of  flour , half a cup of  granulated sugar  and half a teaspoonful of  salt . Add gradually one quart of boiling  water  and let the mixture boil five minutes, stirring it constantly. Remove from the fire, add a quart of boiling  milk , and serve. If desired a spoonful of whipped cream may be put in each cup before filling with the  cocoa .
 The proportions given will make delicious, creamy  cocoa , sufficient to serve twelve persons. The  flour  should be sifted before it is measured. —  By Mrs. Emma P. Ewing, author of "The Art of Cookery." 
 
 Mrs. Ewing's Creamy Chocolate : 
 Mix together half a cup of sifted  flour , half a cup of  granulated sugar  and half a teaspoonful of  salt . Put into a saucepan half a cup of Walter Baker & Co.'s Premium No. 1  chocolate , finely shaved. Add one quart of boiling  water , stir until dissolved, add the  flour ,  sugar  and  salt , and boil gently, stirring constantly, five minutes. Then stir in a quart of boiling  milk , and serve with or without whipped cream. —  Mrs. Emma P. Ewing, author of "The Art of Cookery." 
 
 Mrs. Hill's Cocoa Frappé : 
 Mix half a pound of  cocoa  and three cupfuls of  sugar ; cook with two cupfuls of boiling  water  until smooth; add to three quarts and a half of  milk  scalded with  cinnamon  bark; cook for ten minutes. Beat in the beaten whites of two eggs mixed with a cupful of  sugar  and a pint of whipped cream. Cool, flavor with  vanilla extract , and freeze. Serve in cups. Garnish with whipped cream. —  Janet McKenzie Hill — Ladies' Home Journal. 
 
 Mrs. Hill's Chocolate Puffs : 
 Stir a cupful of  flour  into a cupful of  water  and half a cupful of  butter , boiling together; remove from fire, beat in an ounce of melted  chocolate , and, one at a time, three large eggs. Shape with forcing bag and rose tube. Bake, cut off the tops and put into each cake a tablespoonful of  strawberry preserves . Cover with whipped cream sweetened and flavored. —  Janet McKenzie Hill — Ladies' Home Journal. 
 
 Miss Farmer's Chocolate Cream Candy : 
 2 cups of  sugar , 
 ⅔ a cup of  milk , 
 1 tablespoonful of  butter , 
 2 squares of  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Put  butter  into granite saucepan; when melted add  sugar  and  milk . Heat to boiling point; then add  chocolate , and stir constantly until  chocolate  is melted. Boil thirteen minutes, remove from fire, add
 vanilla , and beat until creamy and mixture begins to  sugar  slightly around edge of saucepan. Pour at once into a buttered pan, cool slightly and mark in squares. Omit  vanilla , and add, while cooking,  one-fourth of a teaspoonful of  cinnamon . —  Boston Cooking School Cook Book — Fannie Merritt Farmer. 
 
 Mrs. Salzbacher's Chocolate Hearts : 
 Melt, by standing over hot  water , three ounces of  unsweetened chocolate ; add a pound of sifted  powdered sugar  and mix thoroughly; work to a stiff yet pliable paste with the unbeaten whites of three eggs (or less), adding  vanilla  to flavor. If the paste seems too soft, add more  sugar . Break off in small pieces and roll out about one-fourth of an inch thick, sprinkling the board and paste with  granulated sugar  instead of  flour . Cut with a tiny heart-shaped cake cutter (any other small cake cutter will do), and place on pans oiled just enough to prevent sticking. Bake in a very moderate oven. When done, they will feel firm to the touch, a solid crust having formed over the top. They should be very light, and will loosen easily from the pan after being allowed to stand a moment to cool. The success of these cakes depends upon the oven, which should not be as cool as for meringue, nor quite so hot as for sponge cake. If properly made, they are very excellent and but little labor. Use the yolks for  chocolate  whips. —  From "Good Housekeeping." 
 
 Cocoa Charlotte (without Cream) : 
 1 pint of  water , 
 whites of 2 eggs, 
 ½ a teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 ½ a cup of  sugar , 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  cornstarch , 
 ½ a teaspoonful of  cinnamon , 
 3 tablespoonfuls of  cocoa . 
 Dissolve the  cornstarch  in a quarter of a cup of cold  water , add it to the pint of boiling  water , stir until it thickens, add the  sugar  and the  cocoa , which have been thoroughly mixed together. Remove from the fire, add the  cinnamon  and  vanilla , and pour slowly over the stiffly beaten whites of eggs. Pour at once into a pudding mould, and put away in a cold place to harden. Serve with plain  cream . —  Mabel Richards Dulon. 
 
 Chocolate Fudge with Fruit : 
 Two cups of  sugar , one-half cup of  milk , one-half cup of  molasses , one-half cup of  butter ; mix all together and boil seven minutes; add one-half cup of Baker's  chocolate  and boil seven minutes longer. Then add two tablespoonfuls of figs, two tablespoonfuls of  raisins , one-half a cup of  English walnuts  and one teaspoonful of  vanilla .
 
 Chocolate Macaroons : 
 Stir to a paste whites of seven eggs, three-fourths a pound of sifted  sugar , one-half a pound of almonds pounded very fine, and two ounces of grated Baker's  chocolate . Have ready wafer paper cut round, on which lay pieces of the mixture rolled to fit the wafer. Press one-half a blanched  almond  on each macaroon and bake in a moderate oven.
 
 Petits Four : 
 Bake a simple, light sponge cake in a shallow biscuit tin or dripping pan, and when cold turn out on the moulding board and cut into small dominoes or diamonds. They should be about an inch in depth. Split each one and spread jelly or frosting between the layers, then ice tops and sides with different tinted icings, pale green flavored with pistachio, pale pink with rose, yellow with  orange , white with  almond . Little domino cakes are also pretty. Ice the cakes on top and sides with white icing, then when hard put on a second layer of  chocolate , using  Walter Baker & Co.'s  unsweetened chocolate  and made as for layer cake, dipping the brush in the melted  chocolate  to make the spots.
 Candied violets, bits of  citron  cut in fancy shapes, candied cherries and  angelica  may all be utilized in making pretty designs in decoration. —  American Housekeeper. 
 
 Potato Cake : 
 Two cups of  white sugar , one cup of  butter , one cup of hot mashed potatoes, one cup of chopped walnuts, half a cup of sweet  milk , two cups of  flour , four eggs well beaten, five teaspoonfuls of melted  chocolate , one tablespoonful each of cloves,  cinnamon  and  nutmeg , two teaspoonfuls of  baking powder . Bake in layers and use  marshmallow  filling.
 
 Spanish Chocolate Cake : 
 One cup of  sugar , one-half a cup of  butter , one-half a cup of sweet  milk , three cups of  flour , two eggs, one teaspoonful of soda dissolved in hot  water . Put on the stove one cup of  milk , one-half a cup of Baker's  chocolate , grated; stir until dissolved; then stir into it one cup of  sugar  and the yolk of one  egg  stirred together; when cool flavor with  vanilla . While this is cooling beat up the first part of the cake and add the  chocolate  custard. Bake in layers. Ice on top and between the layers.
 
 Home Made Candies : 
 File:Placeholder 
 Recipes Specially Prepared  by  Mrs. Janet McKenzie Hill
 
 Peppermints, Chocolate Mints, etc. : 
 (Uncooked Fondant)
 
 white of 1  egg , 
 2 tablespoonfuls of cold  water , 
 sifted  confectioner's sugar , 
 ½ teaspoonful of essence of peppermint or a few drops of  oil  of 
 peppermint, 
 1 or 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 green color paste, 
 pink color paste. 
 Beat the  egg  on a plate, add the cold  water  and gradually work in  sugar  enough to make a firm paste. Divide the  sugar  paste into three parts. To one part add the peppermint and a very little of the green color paste. Take the paste from the jar with a wooden tooth pick, add but a little. Work and knead the mixture until the paste is evenly distributed throughout. Roll the candy into a sheet one-fourth an inch thick, then cut out into small rounds or other shape with any utensil that is convenient. Color the second part a very delicate pink, flavor with rose extract and cut out in the same manner as the first. To the last part add one or two squares of Baker's  chocolate , melted over hot  water , and flavor with peppermint. Add also a little  water , as the  chocolate  will make the mixture thick and crumbly. Begin by adding a tablespoonful of  water , then add more if necessary, knead and cut these as the others.
 
 Chocolate Caramel Walnuts : 
 (Uncooked Fondant)
 
 
 white of 1  egg , 
 3 tablespoonfuls of maple or caramel syrup, 
 1 tablespoonful of  water , 
 sifted  confectioner's sugar , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 2 or more squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 English walnuts . 
 Beat the white of  egg  slightly, add the syrup,  water ,  sugar  as needed, the  chocolate , melted over hot  water , and the  vanilla , also more  water  if necessary. Work with a silver plated knife and knead until thoroughly mixed, then break off small pieces of uniform size and roll them into balls, in the hollow of the hand, flatten the balls a little, set the half of an English  walnut  upon each, pressing the nut into the candy and thus flattening it still more. The caramel gives the  chocolate  a particularly nice flavor.
 
 How to coat candies, &c., with Baker's "Dot" Chocolate : 
 Half a pound of "Dot"  chocolate  will coat quite a number of candy or other "centers," but as depth of  chocolate  and an even temperature during the whole time one is at work are essential, it is well, when convenient, to melt a larger quantity of  chocolate . When cold, the unused  chocolate  may be cut from the dish and set aside for use at a future time. If the  chocolate  be at the proper temperature when the centers are dipped in it, it will give a rich, glossy coating free from spots, and the candies will not have a spreading base. After a few centers have been dipped set them in a cool place to harden. The necessary utensils are a wire fork and a very small double boiler. The inner dish of the boiler should be of such size that the melted  chocolate  will come nearly to the top of it. Break the  chocolate  in small pieces and surround with warm  water , stir occasionally while melting. When the melted  chocolate  has cooled to about 80°F. it is ready to use. Drop whatever is to be coated into the  chocolate , with the fork push it below the  chocolate , lift out, draw across the edge of the dish and drop onto a piece of table  oil  cloth or onto waxed paper. Do not let a drop of  water  get into the  chocolate .
 
 Chocolate Dipped Peppermints : 
 (Uncooked Fondant)
 [Illustration: Chocolate Dipped Peppermints.]
 Prepare green, white, pink and  chocolate  colored mints by the first recipe. After they have dried off a little run a spatula under each and turn to dry the other side. Coat with Baker's "Dot"  chocolate .
 
 Ginger, Cherry, Apricot and Nut Chocolates : 
 [Illustration: Ginger, Cherry, Apricot and Nut Chocolates.]
 
 white of 1  egg , 
 2 tablespoonfuls of cold  water , 
 sifted  confectioner's sugar , 
 almond  or rose extract, 
 preserved  ginger , 
 candied cherries, 
 candied apricots, 
 halves of  almond , 
 halves of  pecan  nuts, 
 ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Use the first four ingredients in making uncooked fondant. (Caramel syrup is a great addition to this fondant, especially if nuts are to be used. Use three tablespoonfuls of syrup and one tablespoonful of  water  with one  egg  white instead of the two tablespoonfuls of  water  indicated in the recipe). Work the fondant for some time, then break off little bits and wrap around small pieces of the fruit, then roll in the hollow of the hand into balls or oblongs. For other candies, roll a piece of the fondant into a ball, flatten it with the fingers and use to cover a whole  pecan  or English  walnut  meat. Set each shape on a plate as it is finished. They will harden very quickly. Dip these, one by one, in Baker's "Dot"  chocolate  and set on an  oil  cloth.
 
 Chocolate Peanut Clusters : 
 Shell a quart of freshly-roasted peanuts and remove the skins. Drop the peanuts, one by one, into the center of a dish of "Dot"  chocolate  made ready for use; lift out onto  oil  cloth with a dipping fork (a wire fork comes for the purpose, but a silver oyster fork answers nicely) to make groups of three nuts,--two below, side by side, and one above and between the others.
 
 Chocolate Coated Almonds : 
 Select nuts that are plump at the ends. Use them without blanching. Brush, to remove dust. Melt "Dot"  chocolate  and when cooled properly drop the nuts, one at a time, into the center of it; push the nuts under with the fork, then drop onto waxed paper or  oil  cloth. In removing the fork make a design on the top of each nut. These are easily prepared and are particularly good.
 
 Plain and Chocolate Dipped Parisian Sweets : 
 ½ a cup of  sultana   raisins , 
 5 figs, 
 1 cup of  dates , 
 2 ounces  citron , 
 ⅔ a cup of nut meats, (almonds, filberts, pecans or walnuts, one variety or a mixture), 
 1½ ounces of Baker's  chocolate , 
 ⅓ a cup of  confectioner's sugar , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 chocolate  fondant or Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Pour boiling  water  over the figs and  dates , let boil up once, then drain as dry as possible; remove stones from the  dates , the stem ends from the figs; chop the fruit and nut meats (almonds should be blanched) in a food chopper; add the  salt ; and the  sugar  and work the whole to a smooth paste; add the  chocolate , melted, and work it evenly through the mass. Add more  sugar  if it is needed and roll the mixture into a sheet one-fourth an inch thick. Cut into strips an inch wide. Cut the strips into diamond-shaped pieces (or squares); roll these in  confectioner's sugar  or dip them in  chocolate  fondant or in Baker's "Dot"  chocolate , and sprinkle a little fine-chopped  pistachio nut  meats on the top of the dipped pieces. When rolling the mixture use  confectioner's sugar  on board and rolling pin.
 
 Stuffed Dates, Chocolate Dipped : 
 Cut choice  dates  open on one side and remove the seeds. Fill the open space in the  dates  with a strip of preserved  ginger  or  pineapple , chopped nuts or chopped nuts mixed with white or  chocolate  fondant; press the  dates  into a compact form to keep in the filling, then dip them, one by one, in "Dot"  chocolate .
 
 Chocolate Oysterettes, Plain and with Chopped Figs : 
 oyster crackers, salted preferred, fine-chopped, roasted peanuts or 
 raisins  or 3 or 4 basket figs or a little French fruit cut in 
 very small bits, 
 ½ a pound or more of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Select fresh-baked crackers free from crumbs. Dip in "Dot"  chocolate , made ready as in previous recipes, and dispose on  oil  cloth or waxed paper. For a change add figs or other fruit, cut very fine, or chopped nuts to the  chocolate  ready for dipping. 
 
 Turkish Paste with French Fruit, Chocolate Flavored : 
 3 level tablespoonfuls of granulated  gelatine , 
 ½ a cup of cold  water , 
 2 cups of  sugar , 
 ⅔ a cup of cold  water , 
 1 teaspoonful of ground  cinnamon , 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 1 cup of French  candied fruit , cherries,  angelica ,  citron , etc., 
 chopped fine. 
 Let the  gelatine  stand in the half cup of cold  water  until it has taken
up all of the  water . Stir the  sugar  and the two-thirds a cup of cold
 water  over the fire until the  sugar  is dissolved and the syrup is
boiling, then add the  gelatine  and let cook twenty minutes; add the
 cinnamon , the  chocolate , melted over hot  water , and beat all together,
then add the  vanilla  and the fruit; let stand in a cool place for a
time, then when it thickens a little turn into an  un buttered bread pan
and set aside until the next day. To unmold separate the paste from the
pan—at the edge—with a sharp-pointed knife. Sift  confectioner's sugar 
over the top, then with the tips of the fingers gently pull the paste
from the pan to a board dredged with  confectioner's sugar ; cut into
strips, then into small squares. Roll each square in  confectioner's sugar . In cutting keep  sugar  between the knife and the paste.
 
 Choice Chocolate Pecan Pralines : 
 3 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 1 cup of  cream , 
 1 cup of  sugar  cooked to caramel, 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 3 cups of  pecan  nut meats. 
 Stir the  sugar  and  cream  over the fire until the  sugar  is melted, then
let boil to the soft ball degree, or to 236°F. Add the  chocolate ,
melted or shaved fine, and beat it in, then pour the mixture onto the
cup of  sugar  cooked to caramel; let the mixture boil up once, then
remove from the fire; add the nut meats and beat until the mass begins
to thicken. When cold enough to hold its shape drop onto an  oil  cloth or
marble, a teaspoonful in a place, and at once set a half nut meat on
each. Two persons are needed to make these pralines, one to drop the
mixture, the other to decorate with the halves of the nuts. The mixture
becomes smooth and firm almost instantly. Maple or  brown sugar  may be
used in place of all or a part of the quantity of  granulated sugar 
designated.
 
 Vassar Fudge : 
 2 cups of white  granulated sugar , 
 1 cup of  cream , 
 1 tablespoonful of  butter , 
 ¼ a cake of Baker's Premium No. 1 Chocolate. 
 Put in the  sugar  and  cream , and when this becomes hot put in the
 chocolate , broken up into fine pieces. Stir vigorously and constantly.
Put in  butter  when it begins to boil. Stir until it creams when beaten
on a saucer. Then remove and beat until quite cool and pour into
buttered tins. When cold cut in diamond-shaped pieces.
 
 Smith College Fudge : 
 Melt one-quarter cup of  butter . Mix together in a separate dish one cup
of  white sugar , one cup of  brown sugar , one-quarter cup of  molasses  and
one-half cup of  cream . Add this to the  butter , and after it has been
brought to a boil continue boiling for two and one-half minutes,
stirring rapidly. Then add two squares of Baker's Premium No. 1
 chocolate , scraped fine. Boil this five minutes, stirring it first
rapidly, and then more slowly towards the end. After it has been taken
from the fire, add one and one-half teaspoonfuls of  vanilla . Then stir
constantly until the mass thickens. Pour into buttered pan and set in a
cool place.
 
 Wellesley Marshmallow Fudge : 
 Heat two cups of  granulated sugar  and one cup of rich  milk  ( cream  is
better). Add two squares of Baker's  chocolate , and boil until it hardens
in cold  water . Just before it is done add a small piece of  butter , then
begin to stir in marshmallows, crushing and beating them with a spoon.
Continue to stir in marshmallows, after the fudge has been taken from
the fire, until half a pound has been stirred into the fudge. Cool in
sheets three-quarters of an inch thick, and cut in cubes.
 
 Double Fudge : 
 2 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 ½ a cup of  cream , 
 1 tablespoonful of  butter . 
 Boil seven minutes; then beat and spread in buttered tin to cool.
 
 2 cups of  brown sugar , 
 ½ a cup of  cream , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 1 cup of  walnut  meats, chopped fine, 
 butter  size of a  walnut . 
 Boil ten minutes; then beat and pour on top of fudge already in pan.
When cool, cut in squares.
 
 Marbled Fudge : 
 
 2 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 ¼ a cup of glucose (pure  corn syrup ), 
 1½ cups of  cream , 
 1 tablespoonful of  butter , 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , scraped fine or melted, 
 2 teaspoonfuls of  vanilla . 
 Stir the  sugar , glucose and  cream  over a slack fire until the  sugar  is
melted; move the saucepan to a hotter part of the range and continue
stirring until the mixture boils, then let boil, stirring every three or
four minutes very gently, until the thermometer registers 236°F., or,
till a soft ball can be formed in cold  water . Remove from the fire and
pour one-half of the mixture over the  chocolate . Set both dishes on a
cake rack, or on something that will allow the air to circulate below
the dishes. When the mixture cools a little, get some one to beat one
dish of the fudge; add a teaspoonful of  vanilla  to each dish, and beat
until thick and slightly grainy, then put the mixture in a pan, lined
with waxed paper, first a little of one and then of the other, to give a
marbled effect. When nearly cold turn from the pan, peel off the paper
and cut into cubes.
 
 Fudge Hearts or Rounds : 
 2 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 ⅓ a cup of  condensed milk , 
 ⅓ a cup of  water , 
 ¼ a cup of  butter , 
 1½ squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract . 
 Boil the  sugar ,  milk  and  water  to 236°F., or to the "soft ball" degree;
stir gently every few minutes; add the  butter  and let boil up
vigorously, then remove from the fire and add the  chocolate ; let stand
undisturbed until cool, then add the  vanilla  and beat the candy until it
thickens and begins to  sugar . Pour into a pan lined with paper to stand
until cooled somewhat; turn from the mold and with a French cutter or a
sharp edged tube cut into symmetrical shapes.
 
 Marshmallow Fudge : 
 1st Batch: 
 
 2 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 1 cup of  cream , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 1 tablespoonful of  butter , 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 nearly half a pound of marshmallows, split in halves. 
 2nd Batch: 
 
 2 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 1 cup of  cream , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 1 tablespoonful of  butter , 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Start with the first batch and when this is nearly boiled enough, set
the second batch to cook, preparing it in the same manner as the first.
Stir the  sugar  and  cream , over a rather slack fire, until the  sugar  is
melted, when the  sugar  boils wash down the sides of the pan as in making
fondant, set in the thermometer and cook over a quick fire, without
stirring, to the soft ball degree, 236°F.; add the  butter ,  salt  and
 chocolate , melted or shaved fine, and let boil up vigorously, then
remove to a cake cooler (or two spoon handles to allow a circulation of
air below the pan). In the meantime the second batch should be cooking
and the marshmallows be gotten ready. When the first batch is about cold
add the  vanilla  and beat the candy vigorously until it begins to
thicken, then turn it into a pan lined with waxed paper. At once dispose
the halves of marshmallows close together upon the top of the fudge.
Soon the other dish of fudge will be ready; set it into cold  water  and
when nearly cold, add the  vanilla  and beat as in the first batch, then
pour it over the marshmallows. When the whole is about cold turn it onto
a marble, or hardwood board, pull off the paper and cut into cubes. If
one is able to work very quickly, but one batch need be prepared, half
of it being spread over the marshmallows.
 
 Chocolate Dipped Fruit Fudge : 
 Fruit fudge: 
 
 1½ cups of  granulated sugar , 
 1 cup of  maple syrup , 
 1½ cups of glucose (pure  corn syrup ), 
 ½ a cup of thick  cream , or 
 ⅓ a cup of  milk  and ¼ a cup of  butter , 
 ¾ a cup of fruit, figs, and candied cherries and apricots, cut in small pieces. 
 Chocolate for Dipping: 
 
 ½ a cake or more of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Stir the  sugar , syrup, glucose and  cream  until the  sugar  is melted,
cover and let boil three or four minutes, then uncover and let boil
stirring often but very gently until a soft ball may be formed in cold
 water , or, until the thermometer registers 236°F. Set the saucepan on a
cake cooler and when the mixture becomes cool, add the fruit and beat
until it becomes thick, then turn into pans lined with waxed paper. In
about fifteen minutes cut into squares. Coat these with the "Dot"
 chocolate .
 
 Chocolate Cocoanut Cakes : 
 
 ⅔ a cup of  granulated sugar , 
 ¼ a cup scant measure of  water , 
 one cup, less one tablespoonful, of glucose, 
 ½ a pound of desiccated cocoanut, 
 ½ a pound or Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Heat the  sugar ,  water  and glucose to the boiling point, add the cocoanut
and stir constantly while cooking to the soft ball degree, or, until a
little of the candy dropped on a cold marble may be rolled into a ball.
Drop, by small teaspoonfuls, onto a marble or waxed paper, to make
small, thick, rather uneven rounds. When cold coat with "Dot"  chocolate 
melted over hot  water  and cooled properly. These cakes are very easily
coated.
 
 Baker's Chocolate "Divinity" : 
 
 1½ cups of  brown sugar , 
 1 cup of  maple syrup , 
 ½ a cup of glucose pure  corn syrup , 
 ½ a cup of  water , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 the whites of 2 eggs, 
 1 cup of nut meats, chopped fine, 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , broken in pieces. 
 Let the  sugar , syrup, glucose and  water  stand on the back of the range,
stirring occasionally, until the  sugar  is melted, then cover and let
boil five minutes. Remove the cover and let boil to soft crack, 287°F.,
or, until when tested in  water  a ball that rattles in the cup will be
formed. Add the  salt  and  chocolate  and beat over the fire, until the
 chocolate  is melted, then pour in a fine stream onto the whites of eggs,
beaten dry, beating constantly meanwhile; add the nuts and pour into a
pan lined with waxed paper. In about fifteen minutes lift the candy from
the pan (by the ends of the paper left for the purpose) and cut it into
small oblongs or squares. The candy must be stirred constantly during
the last of the cooking. In cooking without a thermometer one is liable
to remove the candy from the fire too soon—if this happens, return,  egg 
whites and all, to the saucepan, set this into a dish of boiling  water 
and stir constantly until the mixture thickens, then pour into the pan
lined with paper. On no account let even a few drops of  water  boil into
the candy.
 
 Chocolate Nougatines : 
 
 1 cup of  granulated sugar , 
 ½ a cup of glucose, 
 ½ a cup of honey (strained), 
 piece of paraffine size of a pea, 
 ¼ a cup of  water , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 the whites of 2 eggs, beaten dry, 
 1 cup of  almond  or English  walnut  meats, chopped fine, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 about ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Put the  sugar , glucose, honey, paraffine and  water  over the fire, stir
occasionally and let boil to the hard ball degree, about 248°F. Add the
 salt  to the eggs before beating them, and gradually pour on part of the
syrup, beating constantly meanwhile with the  egg  beater; return the rest
of the syrup to the fire and let boil until it is brittle when tested in
cold  water  or to 290°F. Then turn this gradually onto the eggs, beating
constantly meanwhile. Return the whole to the saucepan, set over the
fire on an asbestos mat and beat constantly until it becomes crisp when
tested in cold  water . Pour into a buttered pan a little larger than an
ordinary bread pan and set aside to become cold. When cold cut into
pieces about an inch and a quarter long and three-eighths of an inch
wide and thick. Coat these with "Dot"  chocolate .
 
 Plain Chocolate Caramels : 
 
 2½ cups of  sugar , 
 ¾ cup of glucose, (pure  corn syrup ), 
 ½ a cup of  butter , 
 ⅛ a teaspoonful of  cream of tartar , 
 2½ cups of whole  milk , (not skimmed), 
 2½ squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract . 
 Put the  sugar , glucose,  butter ,  cream of tartar  and one cup of the  milk 
over the fire, stir constantly, and when the mass has boiled a few
moments, gradually stir in the rest of the  milk . Do not let the mixture
stop boiling while the  milk  is being added. Stir every few moments and
cook to 248°F., or, until when tested in cold  water , a hard ball may be
formed; add the  chocolate  and  vanilla  and beat them thoroughly through
the candy, then turn it into two bread pans. When nearly cold cut into
squares.
 
 Chocolate Nut Caramels : 
 
 2 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 1½ cups of glucose (pure  corn syrup ), 
 2 cups of  cream , 
 1 cup of  butter , 
 3 or 4 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1½ cups of English  walnut  meats, 
 2 teaspoonfuls of  vanilla extract . 
 Put the  sugar , glucose,  one  cup of the  cream  and the  butter  over the
fire; stir and cook until the mixture boils vigorously, then gradually
add the other cup of  cream . Do not allow the mixture to stop boiling
while the  cream  is being added. Cook until the thermometer registers
250°F., stirring gently—move the thermometer, to stir beneath
it—every four or five minutes. Without a thermometer boil until—when
tested by dropping a little in cold water—a hard ball may be formed in
the  water . Remove from the fire, add the  chocolate  and nuts and beat
until the  chocolate  is melted; beat in the  vanilla  and turn into a
biscuit pan, nicely oiled or buttered, to make a sheet three-fourths an
inch thick. When nearly cold turn from the pan and cut into cubes.
 
 Ribbon Caramels : 
 
 Chocolate Layers: 
 
 1¼ cups of  granulated sugar , 
 ½ cup of glucose (pure  corn syrup )  scant  measure, 
 ¼ a cup of  butter , 
 1/16 a teaspoonful of  cream of tartar , 
 1¼ cups of rich  milk , 
 1¼ squares of Baker's Premium Chocolate, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract . 
 White Layer: 
 
 ⅔ a cup of  granulated sugar , 
 ¼ (scant) a cup of  water , 
 1 cup, less one tablespoonful, of glucose (pure  corn syrup ), 
 ⅓ a pound of desiccated cocoanut. 
 Put the  sugar , glucose,  butter ,  cream of tartar  and the fourth a cup of
 milk  over the fire, stir until the mixture boils, then very gradually
stir in the rest of the  milk . Let cook, stirring occasionally, to 248°F., or until, when tested in  water  or on a cold marble, a pretty firm
ball may be formed. Add the  chocolate  and  vanilla , mix thoroughly and
turn into two well-buttered shallow pans. For the white layer, put the
 sugar ,  water  and glucose over the fire, stir until boiling, then add the
cocoanut and stir occasionally until a soft ball may be formed when a
little of the mixture is dropped upon a cold marble. Put this mixture
over the fire, to dissolve the  sugar , but do not let it begin to boil
until the  chocolate  layers are turned into the pans. When the white
mixture is ready, turn enough of it onto one of the  chocolate  layers to
make a layer about one-third an inch thick. Have the other  chocolate 
layer cooled, by standing in cold  water ; remove it from the pan and
dispose above the cocoanut layer. Let stand until cold and firm, then
cut in cubes; wrap each cube in waxed paper.
 
 Fondant : 
 4 cups of  granulated sugar , 
 1½ cups of cold  water , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  cream of tartar , or 3 drops of acetic acid. 
 Stir the  sugar  and  water  in a saucepan, set on the back part of the
range, until the  sugar  is melted, then draw the saucepan to a hotter
part of the range, and stir until the boiling point is reached; add the
 cream of tartar  or acid and, with the hand or a cloth wet repeatedly in
cold  water , wash down the sides of the saucepan, to remove any grains of
 sugar  that have been thrown there. Cover the saucepan and let boil
rapidly three or four minutes. Remove the cover, set in the
thermometer—if one is to be used—and let cook very rapidly to 240°F.,
or the soft ball degree. Wet the hand in cold  water  and with it dampen a
marble slab or a large platter, then without jarring the syrup turn it
onto the marble or platter. Do not scrape out the saucepan or allow the
last of the syrup to drip from it, as sugary portions will spoil the
fondant by making it grainy. When the syrup is cold, with a metal
scraper or a wooden spatula, turn the edges of the mass towards the
center, and continue turning the edges in until the mass begins to
thicken and grow white, then work it up into a ball, scraping all the
 sugar  from the marble onto the mass; knead slightly, then cover closely
with a heavy piece of cotton cloth wrung out of cold  water . Let the
 sugar  stand for an hour or longer to ripen, then remove the damp cloth
and cut the mass into pieces; press these closely into a kitchen bowl,
cover with a cloth wrung out of  water  (this cloth must not touch the
fondant) and then with heavy paper. The fondant may be used the next
day, but is in better condition after several days, and may be kept
almost indefinitely, if the cloth covering it be wrung out of cold  water 
and replaced once in five or six days. Fondant may be used, white or
delicately colored with vegetable color-pastes or with  chocolate , as
frosting for small cakes, or éclairs or for making candy "centers," to
be coated with  chocolate  or with some of the same fondant tinted and
flavored appropriately.
 
 Almond Chocolate Creams : 
 Centers: 
 
 ¼ a cup of blanched almonds, chopped fine, 
 ½ a cup of fondant, 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 confectioner's sugar  for kneading and shaping. 
 Chocolate Coating: 
 
 about 1 cup of fondant, 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 few drops of  water , as needed, 
 halves of blanched almonds. 
 Mix the chopped almonds with the fondant and  vanilla ; add  confectioner's sugar , a little at a time, and knead the mass thoroughly, on a marble or
large platter; shape into a long roll, then cut into small pieces of the
same size. Shape these into balls a generous half inch in diameter and
leave them about an hour to harden on the outside. Put the fondant for
the coating and the  chocolate  (shaved or broken in pieces) in a double
boiler (with hot  water  in the lower receptacle); add the  vanilla  and the
 water  and heat until melted; take out the spoon and put in a dipping
fork (a wire fork costing about ten cents) beat the fondant, to keep it
from crusting and drop in a "center;" with the fork cover it with
fondant; put the fork under it and lift it out, scrape the fork lightly
on the edge of the dish, to remove superfluous candy, turn the fork over
and drop the bon-bon onto waxed paper. Make a design with the fork in
taking it from the candy. At once press half of a  blanched almond  on the
top of the candy, or the design made with the fork will suffice. If at
any time the coating be too thick, add a few drops of  water . If any be
left over, use it to coat whole nuts or cherries.
 
 
 Cherry Chocolate Creams : 
 Centers: 
 
 ¼ a cup of candied cherries, chopped fine, 
 ½ a cup of fondant. 
 Chocolate Coating: 
 
 about one cup of fondant, 
 2 squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 bits of  cherry . 
 Prepare the centers and coat in the same manner as the  almond  creams.
 
 Chocolate Peppermints : 
 
 Melt a little fondant and flavor it to taste with essence of peppermint;
leave the mixture white or tint very delicately with green or pink
color-paste. With a teaspoon drop the mixture onto waxed paper to make
rounds of the same size—about one inch and a quarter in diameter—let
these stand in a cool place about one hour. Put about a cup of fondant
in a double boiler, add two ounces of  chocolate  and a teaspoonful of
boiling  water , then stir (over hot  water ) until the fondant and
 chocolate  are melted and evenly mixed together; then drop the
peppermints, one by one, into the  chocolate  mixture, and remove them
with the fork to a piece of  oil  cloth; let stand until the  chocolate  is
set, when they are ready to use.
 
 Fig-and-Nut Chocolates : 
 
 5  figs , 
 3 or 4 tablespoonfuls of  water  or sherry wine, 
 ½ a cup of English  walnut  meats, 
 powdered sugar , 
 fondant, 
 3 or 4 ounces of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Remove the stem and hard place around the blossom end of the figs, and
let steam, with the  water  or wine, in a double boiler until softened,
then add the nuts and chop very fine. Add  powdered sugar  as is needed to
shape the mixture into balls. Melt the  chocolate , using enough to secure
the shade of brown desired in the coating and add to the fondant with
the  vanilla . Coat the fig-and-nut balls and drop them with the fork onto
a piece of  oil  cloth or waxed paper in the same manner as the  cherry 
bon-bons. These may be dipped in "Dot"  chocolate  instead of fondant.
 
 Chocolate Marshmallows : 
 
 Cut the marshmallows in halves, and put them, one by one, cut side down,
in  chocolate  fondant (as prepared for  almond  and  cherry   chocolate 
creams), melted over hot  water  and flavored to taste with  vanilla . Beat
the  chocolate  with the fork, that it may not crust over, lift out the
 marshmallow , turn it and, in removing the fork, leave its imprint in the
 chocolate ; sprinkle at once with a little fine-chopped  pistachio nut 
meat. To prepare the nuts, set them over the fire in tepid  water  to
cover, heat to the boiling point, drain, cover with cold  water , then
take them up, one by one, and with the thumb and finger push the meat
from the skin.
 
 Maple Fondant Acorns : 
 
 2 cups of  maple syrup , 
 1¾ cups of  granulated sugar , 
 ¾ a cup of cold  water , 
 confectioner's sugar , 
 2 or more squares of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoon of  vanilla , 
 about ¼ a cup of fine-chopped almonds, browned in the oven. 
 Make fondant of the syrup,  granulated sugar  and cold  water , following
the directions given for fondant made of  granulated sugar  ( cream  of
tartar or other acid is not required in maple fondant). Work some of the
fondant, adding  confectioner's sugar  as needed, into cone shapes; let
these stand an hour or longer to harden upon the outside. Put a little
of the fondant in a dish over hot  water ; add Baker's  chocolate  and
 vanilla  as desired and beat till the  chocolate  is evenly mixed through
the fondant, then dip the cones in the  chocolate  and set them on a piece
of  oil  cloth or waxed paper. When all are dipped, lift the first one
dipped from the paper and dip the base again in the  chocolate , and then
in the chopped-and-browned almonds. Continue until all have been dipped.
 
 Chocolate Almond Bars : 
 
 ½ a cup of  sugar , 
 ¾ a cup of glucose, 
 ½ a cup of  water , 
 (¼ an ounce of paraffine at discretion), 
 ½ a cup of blanched almonds, chopped fine, 
 ⅓ the recipe for fondant, 
 3 or 4 ozs. of Baker's  chocolate , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla . 
 Melt the  sugar  in the  water  and glucose and let boil to about 252°F.,
or between a soft and a hard ball. Without the paraffine cook a little
higher than with it. Add the almonds and the  vanilla , mix thoroughly and
turn onto a marble or platter over which  powdered sugar  has been sifted.
Turn out the candy in such a way that it will take a rectangular shape
on the marble. When cool enough score it in strips about an inch and a
quarter wide, and, as it grows cooler, lift the strips, one by one, to a
board and cut them in pieces half or three-quarters of an inch wide.
When cold, drop them,  sugar  side down, in  chocolate  fondant prepared for
"dipping." With the fork push them below the fondant, lift out, drain as
much as possible, and set onto  oil  cloth. These improve upon keeping.
 
 Almond Fondant Sticks : 
 
 2½ cups of coffee sugar or  granulated sugar , 
 ¼ a cup of glucose, 
 ½ a cup of  water , 
 ¼ a pound of  almond  paste, 
 ¼ a pound of Baker's Premium Chocolate, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Put the  sugar , glucose and  water  over the fire. Stir until the  sugar  is
dissolved. Wash down the sides of the kettle as in making fondant. Let
boil to the soft ball degree or to 238°F. Add the  almond  paste, cut
into small, thin pieces, let boil up vigorously, then turn onto a damp
marble. When nearly cold turn to a  cream  with a wooden spatula. It will
take considerable time to turn this mixture to fondant. Cover and let
stand half an hour. Add the Baker's Premium  chocolate , melted over hot
 water , and knead it in thoroughly. Add at the same time the  vanilla . The
 chocolate  must be added warm. At once cut off a portion of the fondant
and knead it into a round ball; then roll it lightly under the fingers
into a long strip the shape and size of a lead pencil; form as many of
these strips as desired; cut the strips into two-inch lengths and let
stand to become firm. Have ready the "Dot"  chocolate  melted over hot
 water  and in this coat the prepared sticks leaving the surface a little
rough.
 
 Almond Fondant Balls : 
 
 Roll part of the  almond  fondant into small balls. Some of the "Dot"
 chocolate  will be left after dipping the  almond   chocolate  sticks. Remelt
this over hot  water , and in it coat the balls lightly. As each ball is
coated with the  chocolate  drop it onto a plate of chopped  pistachio nut 
meats or of chopped cocoanut (fresh or desiccated). With a spoon
sprinkle the chopped material over the balls.
 
 Walnut Cream-Chocolates : 
 
 2½ cups of  granulated sugar , 
 ½ a cup of  condensed milk , 
 ½ a cup of  water , 
 3 or 4 tablespoonfuls of thick caramel syrup, 
 a little  water , 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla , 
 ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Put the  sugar ,  condensed milk  and  water  over the fire to boil, stir
gently but often, and let cook to the soft ball stage, or to 238 °F. Pour
on a damp marble and let stand undisturbed until cold; turn to a  cream ,
then gather into a compact mass; cover with a bowl and let stand for
thirty minutes; then knead the  cream ; put it into a double boiler; add
the caramel syrup and the  vanilla ; stir constantly while the mixture
becomes warm and thin; add a tablespoonful or two of  water , if
necessary, and drop the  cream  mixture into impressions made in
 cornstarch . Use two teaspoons to drop the  cream . When the candy is cold,
pick it from the starch. With a small brush remove the starch that
sticks to the candy shapes. Coat each piece with "Dot"  chocolate . As
each piece is coated and dropped onto the  oil  cloth, set half an English
 walnut  meat upon the top.
 
 To mold candy in starch impressions : 
 Many candies, especially such as are of some variety of fondant, are
thin when warm and solidify on the outside when cold, so that they may
be "dipped" or coated with  chocolate . To shape candy of this sort, fill
a low pan with  cornstarch , making it smooth upon the top. Have ready
molds made of plaster paris, glued to a thin strip of wood, press these
into the  cornstarch ; lift from the starch and repeat the impressions as
many times as the space allows. If molds are not available a thimble,
round piece of wood, or the stopper of an  oil  or  vinegar  cruet will
answer the purpose, though the impressions must be made one at a time.
 
 Chocolate Butter Creams : 
 
 2½ cups of  sugar , 
 ½ a cup of  water , 
 ¼ a cup of glucose, 
 ¼ a cup of  butter , 
 2½ ozs of Baker's Premium Chocolate, 
 2 teaspoonfuls of  vanilla , 
 ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Put the  sugar ,  water , glucose and  butter  over the fire; stir until the
 sugar  is melted, then cook to the soft ball degree, or 236°F.; pour on
a damp marble and leave until cold; then pour on the Premium  chocolate ,
melted over hot  water , and with a spatula turn to a  cream . This process
is longer than with the ordinary fondant. Cover the  chocolate  fondant
with a bowl and let stand for thirty minutes; knead well and set over
the fire in a double boiler; add the  vanilla  and stir until melted. The
mixture is now ready to be dropped into small impressions in starch;
when cold and brushed free of starch dip in "Dot"  chocolate . When
dropping the  chocolate  mixture into the starch it should be just soft
enough to run level on the top. If too soft it will not hold its shape
in coating.
 
 Fondant for soft chocolate creams : 
 2½ cups of  sugar , 
 ⅓ a cup of glucose (pure  corn syrup ), 
 1 cup of  water . 
 Put the  sugar , glucose and  water  over the fire and stir until boiling,
then wash down the sides of the saucepan, cover and finish cooking as in
making ordinary fondant. Let cook to 238°F. Turn the syrup onto a damp
marble or platter and  before it becomes cold  turn to a  cream  with a
wooden spatula. When the fondant begins to stiffen, scrape at once into
a bowl and cover with a damp cloth, but do not let the cloth touch the
fondant. Use this fondant in the following recipes.
 
 Rose Chocolate Creams : 
 fondant, 
 damask rose color-paste, 
 ½ to 1 whole teaspoonful of rose extract, 
 ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Put a part or the whole of the fondant into a double boiler over boiling
 water . With the point of a toothpick take up a little of the color-paste
and add to the fondant; add the extract and stir until the mixture is
hot, thin and evenly tinted. With two teaspoons drop the mixture into
impressions made in starch; it should be hot and thin enough to run
level on top. When the shapes are cold, remove from the starch, brush
carefully and coat with "Dot"  chocolate .
 
 
 Pistachio Chocolate Creams : 
 fondant, 
 green color-paste, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 ⅛ a teaspoonful of  almond extract , 
 pistachio nuts in slices and halves, 
 ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Using green color-paste,  vanilla  and  almond extract  mold the fondant in
long shapes. Put a bit of nut in each impression, before filling it with
fondant. When firm coat with "Dot"  chocolate  and set half a pistachio
nut on top.
 
 Surprise Chocolate Creams : 
 
 fondant, 
 candied or maraschino cherries, 
 flavoring of  almond  or  vanilla , 
 chopped peanuts, 
 ½ a pound of Baker's "Dot"  chocolate . 
 Melt the fondant over hot  water  and add the flavoring. Put a bit of
 cherry  in the bottom of each starch impression, then turn in the melted
fondant, to fill the impressions and have them level on the top. Let the
 chocolate , broken in bits, be melted over warm  water , then add as many
chopped peanuts as can be well stirred into it; let cool to about 80°F.
and in it drop the creams, one at a time; as coated dispose them on
table  oil  cloth or waxed paper.
 
 Chocolate Peanut Brittle : 
 
 1½ cups of  sugar , 
 ⅔ a cup of  water , 
 ½ a cup of glucose (pure  corn syrup ), 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 ½ a pound of  raw  shelled peanuts, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 1 level teaspoonful of soda, 
 1 tablespoonful of cold  water , 
 ½ a pound or more of Baker's "Dot" Chocolate. 
 Put the  sugar ,  water  and glucose over the fire; stir till the  sugar  is
dissolved; wash down the sides of the saucepan with a cloth or the
fingers dipped in cold  water , cover and let boil three or four minutes,
then uncover and let cook to 275°F. (when a little is cooled and chewed
it clings but does not stick to the teeth) add the  butter  and peanuts
and  stir constantly  until the peanuts are nicely browned (or are of
the color of well roasted peanuts). Dissolve the soda in the cold  water ,
add the  vanilla  and the soda and stir vigorously. When the candy is
through foaming, turn it onto a warm and well-oiled marble or platter.
As soon as it has cooled a little on the edges, take hold of it at the
edge and pull out as thin as possible. Loosen it from the receptacle at
the center by running a spatula under it, then turn the whole sheet
upside down, and again pull as thin as possible. Break into small pieces
and when cold coat with "Dot"  chocolate  prepared as in previous recipes.
Half of a roasted  Peanut  may be set upon each piece as coated. Note that
the peanuts used in the brittle are raw. The small Spanish peanuts are
the best for this purpose. After the peanuts are shelled, cover them
with boiling  water , let boil up once, then skim out and push off the
skin, when they are ready to use.
 
 Chocolate Popcorn Balls : 
 
 1½ cups of  sugar , 
 ⅓ a cup of glucose, 
 ⅔ a cup of  water , 
 ⅓ a cup of  molasses , 
 3 tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 3 squares of Baker's Premium Chocolate, 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract , 
 about 4 quarts of popped  corn , well salted. 
 Set the  sugar , glucose and  water  over the fire, stir until the  sugar  is
melted, then wash down the sides of the saucepan, cover and let boil
three or four minutes, then remove the cover and let cook without
stirring to the hard ball degree; add the  molasses  and  butter  and stir
constantly until brittle in cold  water ; remove from the fire and, as
soon as the bubbling ceases, add the  chocolate , melted over hot  water ,
and the  vanilla ; stir, to mix the  chocolate  evenly through the candy,
then pour onto the popped  corn , mixing the two together meanwhile. With
buttered hands lightly roll the mixture into small balls. Press the
mixture together only just enough to hold it in shape. Discard all the
hard kernels in the  corn . Have the  corn  warm and in a warm bowl.
 
 Chocolate Molasses Kisses : 
 
 2 cups of coffee  sugar , 
 ⅓ a cup of glucose, (pure  corn syrup ), 
 ⅔ a cup of  water , 
 1 cup of  molasses , 
 2 tablespoonfuls of  butter , 
 ¼ a teaspoonful of  salt , 
 4 ounces of Baker's Premium Chocolate 
 1 tablespoonful of  vanilla extract , or 1 teaspoonful of essence of peppermint. 
 Put all the ingredients, save the  salt ,  chocolate  and flavoring, over the fire; let boil rapidly to 260°F., or until brittle when tested in cold  water . During the last of the cooking the candy must be stirred constantly. Pour onto an oiled platter or marble; pour the  chocolate , melted over hot  water , above the candy; as the candy cools on the edges, with a spatula or the fingers, turn the edges towards the center; continue this until the candy is cold enough to pull; pull over a hook until cold; add the flavoring, a little at a time, during the pulling, cut in short lengths and wrap in waxed paper.
 
 Walter Baker & Co., Ltd. : 
 Established 1780
 This House has grown to be the largest of its kind in the world and it has achieved that result by always maintaining the highest standard in the quality of its  cocoa  and  chocolate  preparations and selling them at the lowest price for which unadulterated articles of high grade can be put upon the market. Under cover of a similarity in name, trade-mark, label or wrapper, a number of unscrupulous concerns have, within recent years, made attempts to get possession of the great market won by this House, by trading on its good name—selling to unsuspecting consumers goods of distinctly inferior quality by representing them to be the products of the genuine "Baker's." The quantity of goods sold in this way is not so much of an injury to us as the discredit cast upon our manufactures by leading some consumers to believe that these fraudulent articles are of our manufacture and that we have lowered the high standard maintained for so many years. It is difficult to bring the fraud home to all consumers, as those who are making use of it seek out-of-the-way places where deception will the more easily pass.
 We have letters from housekeepers who have used the genuine Baker goods for years, expressing their indignation at the attempts of unscrupulous dealers to foist upon them inferior and adulterated articles by fraudulently representing them to be of our manufacture.
 Statements in the press and in the reports of the Pure Food Commissioners show that there are on the market at this time many cocoas and chocolates which have been treated with adulterants, more or less injurious to health, for the purpose of cheapening the cost and giving a fictitious appearance of richness and strength. The safest course for consumers, therefore, is to buy goods bearing the name and trade-mark of a well-known and reputable manufacturer, and to make sure by a careful examination that they are getting what they order.
 
 Our  cocoa  and  chocolate  Preparations are ABSOLUTELY PURE--free from coloring matter, chemical solvents, or adulterants of any kind, and are therefore in full conformity to the requirements of all National and State Pure Food Laws. 
 We have behind us one hundred and twenty-nine years of successful manufacture, and fifty-two highest awards from the great industrial exhibitions in Europe and America.
 We ask the cooperation of all consumers who want to get what they order and what they pay for to help us—as much in their own interest as ours—in checking these frauds.
 Walter Baker & Co., Ltd.
 Our registered guarantee under National Pure Food Laws is Serial No. 90.
 
 Walter Baker & Co.'s Cocoa and Chocolate Preparations : 
 
 
 Baker's Breakfast Cocoa : 
 [Illustration: Walker Baker & Co's. Breakfast Cocoa Facsimile of ½ lb. can.]
 In 1-5 lb., 1-4 lb., 1-2 lb., 1 lb. and 5 lb. tins
 This admirable preparation is made from selected  cocoa , from which the excess of  oil  has been removed. It is  absolutely pure , and it is  soluble . It has  more than three times the strength  of  cocoa  mixed with starch,  arrowroot  or  Sugar , and is, therefore, far more economical,  costing less than one cent a cup . It is delicious, nourishing, strengthening,  easily digested , and admirably adapted for invalids as well as for persons in health.
 No alkalies or other chemicals or dyes are used in its preparation. 
 Trade-Mark on every package
 
 
 Baker's Chocolate : 
 [Illustration: Walter Baker & Co.'s. Premium No. 1 Facsimile of ½ lb. package.]
 In 1-4 and 1-2 lb. cakes, 1 lb. packages, blue wrapper, yellow label
 It is the pure product of carefully selected  cocoa  beans, to which nothing has been added and from which nothing has been taken away. Unequalled for smoothness, delicacy and natural flavor. Celebrated for more than a century as a nutritious, delicious and flesh-forming beverage. The high reputation and constantly increasing sales of this article have led to imitations on a very extensive scale. To distinguish their product from these imitations Walter Baker & Co., Ltd., have enclosed their cakes and pound packages in a new envelope or case of stiff paper, different from any other package. The color of the case is the same shade of deep blue heretofore used on the Baker packages, and no change has been made in the color (yellow) and design of the label. On the outside of the case, the name of the manufacturer is prominently printed in white letters. On the back of every package a colored lithograph of the trade-mark, "La Belle Chocolatière" sometimes called the  chocolate  Girl, is printed. Vigorous proceedings will be taken against anyone imitating the package.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Baker's Vanilla Chocolate : 
 In 1-2 lb. and 1-6 lb. cakes and 5c and 10c packages,
 is guaranteed to consist solely of choice  cocoa  and  Sugar , flavored with pure  vanilla  beans. Particular care is taken in its preparation, and a trial will convince one that it is really a delicious article for eating or drinking. It is the best  sweet chocolate  in the market. Used at receptions and evening parties in place of tea or coffee. The small cakes form the most convenient, palatable and healthful article of food that can be carried by bicyclists, tourists and students.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Caracas Chocolate : 
 [Illustration: Walter Baker & Co.'s. Caracas Sweet Chocolate facsimile ¼ lb. package.]
 In 1-8 and 1-4 lb. packages
 A delicious article. Good to eat and good to drink. It is one of the finest and most popular sweet chocolates on the market, and has a constantly increasing sale in all parts of the country. If you do not find it at your grocer's, we will send a quarter-pound cake by mail, prepaid, on receipt of 10 cents in stamps or money.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Century Chocolate : 
 In 1-4 lb. packages
 A fine  vanilla   chocolate  for eating or drinking. Put up in very artistic wrappers.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Auto-Sweet Chocolate : 
 In 1-6 lb. packages
 A fine eating  chocolate , enclosed in an attractive wrapper with an embossed representation of an automobile in colors.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 German Sweet Chocolate : 
 [Illustration: Walter Baker & Co.'s. German Sweet Chocolate facsimile ¼ lb. package.]
 In 1-4 lb. and 1-8 lb. packages
 is one of the most popular sweet chocolates sold anywhere. It is palatable, nutritious and healthful and is a great favorite with children.
 Beware of imitations. The genuine is stamped: "S. German, Dorchester, Mass." 
 Trade-mark (La Belle Chocolatière) on every package
 
 
 Dot Chocolate : 
 In 1-2 lb. cakes; 12 lb. boxes
 A high grade  chocolate  specially prepared for home-made candies, and for sportsmen's use. If you do not find it at your grocer's write to us and we will put you in the way of getting it.
 In "The Way of the Woods--A Manual for Sportsmen" Edward Breck, the author, says:
 
 " chocolate  is now regarded as a very high-class food on account of its nutritive qualities. * * * * * A half cake will keep a man's strength up for a day without any other food. I never strike off from camp by myself without a piece of  chocolate  in my pocket. Do not, however, have anything to do with the mawkishly sweet chocolates of the candy shops or the imported  milk chocolate , which are not suited for the purpose. We have something better here in America in Walter Baker & Co.'s "Dot" brand, which is slightly sweetened." 
 
 
 Cracked Cocoa or Cocoa Nibs : 
 In 1-2 lb. and 1 lb. packages, and in 6 lb. and 10 lb. bags
 This is the freshly roasted bean cracked into small pieces. It contains no admixture, and presents the full flavor of the cocoa-bean in all its natural fragrance and purity. When properly prepared, it is one of the most economical drinks. Dr. Lankester says  cocoa  contains as much flesh-forming matter as  Beef .
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Soluble Cocoa : 
 This is a preparation for the special use of druggists and others in making hot or cold soda. It forms the basis for a delicious, refreshing, nourishing and strengthening drink.
 It is perfectly soluble. It is absolutely pure. It is easily made. It possesses the full strength and natural flavor of the cocoa-bean. No chemicals are used in its preparation.
 The directions for making one gallon of syrup are as follows: 
 
 8 ounces of soluble  cocoa , 
 8½ pounds of  white sugar , 
 2½ quarts of  water . 
 Thoroughly dissolve the  cocoa  in hot  water , then add the  sugar , and heat until the mixture boils. Strain while hot. After it has become cool,  Sugar  may be added if desired.
 The Trade is supplied with 1, 4 or 10 lb. decorated canisters.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Chocolate for Confectioners' Use : 
 Liquid Chocolates —plain, sweet, light, medium and dark.
 Soluble  cocoa —for hot or cold soda.
 Absolutely Pure--free from coloring matter, chemical solvents, or adulterants of any kind, and therefore in full conformity to the requirements of all National and State Pure Food Laws. 
 
 
 Vanilla Tablets : 
 These are small pieces of  chocolate , made from the finest beans, and done up in fancy foil. The packages are tied with colored ribbons, and are very attractive in form and delicious in substance. They are much used for desserts and collations, and at picnics and entertainments for young people. They are strongly recommended by physicians as a healthy and nutritious confection for children.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Cocoa-Butter : 
 In 1-2 lb. and 1-5 lb. cakes, and in metal boxes for toilet uses
 One-half the weight of the cocoa-bean consists of a fat called "cocoa- butter ," from its resemblance to ordinary  butter . It is considered of great value as a nutritious, strengthening tonic, being preferred to cod-liver  oil  and other nauseous fats so often used in pulmonary complaints. As a soothing application to chapped hands and lips, and all irritated surfaces, cocoa- butter  has no equal, making the skin remarkably soft and smooth. Many who have used it say they would not for any consideration be without it. It is almost a necessary article for every household.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Cocoa-Shells : 
 In 1 lb. and 1-2 lb. packages
 Cocoa-shells are the thin outer covering of the beans. They have a flavor similar to but milder than  cocoa . Their very low price places them within the reach of all; and as furnishing a pleasant and healthy drink, they are considered superior to tea and coffee.
 Packed  only  in 1 lb. and ½ lb. papers, with our label and name on them.
 Trade-mark on every package
 
 
 Cacao des Aztèques : 
 In boxes, 6 lbs. each; 1-2 lb. bottles
 A compound formerly known as  Racabout des Arabes ; a most nutritious preparation; indispensable as an article of diet for children, convalescents, ladies, and delicate or aged persons. It is composed of the best nutritive and restoring substances, suitable for the most delicate system. It is now a  favorite breakfast beverage for ladies and young persons , to whom it gives freshness and  embonpoint . It has solved the problem of medicine by imparting something which is easily digestible and at the same time  free from the exciting qualities  of coffee and tea, thus making it especially desirable for nervous persons or those afflicted with weak stomachs.
 It has a very agreeable flavor, is easily prepared, and has received the  commendation of eminent physicians  as being the best article known for convalescents and all persons desiring a  light, digestible, nourishing and strengthening food .
 [Illustration]
 
 Index to recipes : 
 Miss Parloa's : 
 Plain Chocolate  (For Drinking) 
 Chocolate, Vienna Style 
 Breakfast Cocoa 
 Chocolate Layer Cake 
       "         Cake 
       "         Marble Cake 
       "         Glacé Cake 
       "         Glacé 
       "         Biscuit 
       "         Wafers 
 Cinderella Cakes 
 Chocolate Éclairs 
       "         Cookies 
       "         Gingerbread 
 Vanilla Icing 
 Chocolate Icing 
       "         Profiteroles 
       "         Ice-cream 
       "         Cream Pies 
       "         Mousse 
       "         Charlotte 
       "         Bavarian Cream 
       "         Cream 
       "         Blanc-mange 
       "         Cream Renversée 
 Baked Chocolate Custard 
 Chocolate Soufflé 
       "         Pudding 
       "         Meringue Pudding 
 Milton Pudding 
 Snow Pudding 
 Chocolate Sauce 
       "         Candy 
 Cream Chocolate Caramels 
 Sugar        "            " 
 Chocolate Creams, No. 1 
       "         "           No. 2 
       "         Cones 
 Genesee Bonbons 
 Chocolate Syrup 
 Refreshing Drinks for Summer 
 
 
 Miss Burr's : 
 Cracked Cocoa 
 For Three Gallons Breakfast Cocoa 
 Vanilla chocolate with whipped cream 
 Chocolate Cream Pie 
       "         Filling 
 Meringue 
 Cocoa Sticks 
     "      Frosting 
     "      Sauce 
     "      Cake 
     "      Meringue Pudding 
 Chocolate Almonds 
       "         Coatings 
 Hot Chocolate Sauce 
 Cocoa Sponge Cake 
 Chocolate Frosting 
       "         Cake; or, Devil's Food 
       "         Ice-cream 
       "         Whip 
 Cocoa Marble Cake 
 Chocolate Marble Cake 
       "         Jelly 
 Cottage Pudding 
 Vanilla Sauce 
 Cocoanut Soufflé 
 Chocolate Sauce 
 Cocoa Biscuit 
     "      Fudge 
 
 
 Miss Robinson's : 
 Plain Chocolate  1 quart 
 Cocoa Sponge Cake 
     "      Marble    " 
     "      Doughnuts 
     "      Buns 
 
 
 Mrs. Rorer's : 
 Chocolate Cake 
 
 
 Mrs. Lincoln's : 
 Chocolate Caramels 
 
 
 Miss Farmer's : 
 Chocolate Nougat Cake 
       "         Cream Candy 
 
 
 Mrs. Armstrong's : 
 Chocolate Pudding 
       "         Charlotte 
 Chocolate Jelly with Crystallized Green Gages 
 
 
 Mrs. Bedford's : 
 Chocolate Crullers 
 Hot Cocoa Sauce for Ice-cream 
 Chocolate Macaroons 
 
 
 Mrs. Ewing's : 
 Creamy Cocoa 
       "         Chocolate 
 
 
 Mrs. Hill's : 
 Cocoa Frappé , 
 Chocolate Puffs 
 
 
 Mrs. Salzbacher's : 
 Chocolate Hearts , 
 Cocoa Charlotte , 
 Chocolate Fudge with Fruit , 
 Macaroons , 
 Petits Four , 
 Potato Cake , 
 Spanish Chocolate Cake 
 
 
 Mrs. Hill's Candy Recipes : 
 Peppermints, Chocolate Mints, etc. 
 Chocolate Caramel Walnuts 
 "Dot" Chocolate Coatings 
 Chocolate Dipped Peppermints 
 Ginger, Cherry, Apricot and Nut Chocolates 
 Chocolate Peanut Clusters , 
 Coated Almonds, Dipped Parisian Sweets 
 Stuffed Dates, Chocolate Dipped 
 Chocolate Oysterettes 
 Turkish Paste with French Fruit 
 Chocolate Pecan Pralines 
 Vassar Fudge 
 Smith College Fudge 
 Wellesley Marshmallow Fudge 
 Double Fudge 
 Marbled Fudge 
 Fudge Hearts or Rounds 
 Marshmallow Fudge 
 Chocolate Dipped Fruit Fudge 
 Chocolate Cocoanut Cakes 
 Baker's Chocolate "Divinity" 
 Chocolate Nougatines 
 Plain Chocolate Caramels 
 Chocolate Nut Caramels 
 Ribbon Caramels 
 Fondant 
 Almond Chocolate Creams 
 Cherry Chocolate Creams 
 Chocolate Peppermints 
 Fig and Nut Chocolates 
 Chocolate Marshmallows 
 Maple Fondant Acorns 
 Chocolate Almond Bars 
 Almond Fondant Sticks 
 Almond Fondant Balls 
 Walnut Cream Chocolates 
 To Mold Candy for Dipping 
 Chocolate Butter Creams 
 Fondant for Soft Chocolate Creams 
 Rose Chocolate Creams 
 Pistachio Chocolate Creams 
 Surprise Chocolate Creams 
 Chocolate Peanut Brittle 
 Chocolate Pop Corn Balls 
 Chocolate Molasses Kisses 
 
 [Illustration]
 
 NO OTHER FOOD PRODUCT HAS A LIKE RECORD.
 [Illustration]
 WALTER BAKER & CO. LTD.
 ESTABLISHED 1780.
 52 HIGHEST AWARDS.
 End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of  chocolate  and  cocoa  Recipes and Home Made Candy Recipes, by Miss Parlo
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/de/Chocolate_and_Cocoa_Recipes_By_Miss_Parloa.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20100728161802', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/7/7b/Chocolate_caramel_walnuts.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100728183608', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3e/Marbled_fudge.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100728175346', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Books, Bread flour Recipes, Add category