Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Choley_Bhaturey

Description : 
 Ethnicity - Punjabi, North Indian 
 Type of meal - Party, Lunch, Dinner 
 Ingredients : 
 Ingredients for Choley
 
 1 cup of Chick  Peas  (Kabuli Chana) (soaked overnight in warm  water ) 
 1  Onion  (finely chopped) 
 ½" piece of  ginger  (Adrak) (grated) 
 1 teaspoon  garlic  Paste 
 1 Tea Bag (optional - this is to give the black colour , as in restaurants ) 
 ½ tsp. of  cumin  Seeds 
 2 tsp. of Red  chilli powder  ( to taste) 
 ¼ tsp. of  turmeric  Powder 
 1 tbsp. of Coriander Powder 
 1 tsp. of  cumin  Powder 
 salt  (to taste) 
 2 tsp. of Chana  masala 
 2 tsp. of Dry  mango  Powder (Aamchoor Powder) 
 2 tbsp. of Cooking  oil 
 1/2 cup  tomato  Paste 
 Ingredients for Bhaturey
 
 ½ cup of  potatoes  (boiled & grated) 
 ½ cup of  all-purpose flour  (Maida) 
 salt  (to taste) 
 1 ½ tsp. of Cooking  oil 
 More Cooking  oil  (for deep frying) 
 For Garnishing 
 
 1  Onion  (sliced) ( soaked in  vinegar  or  lemon juice ) 
 4  lemon  Wedges 
 2 Green  chilli  - finely chopped 
 Coriander - finely chopped 
 Directions : 
 Choley
 
 Pressure cook the chick  Peas  with the tea bag for 3 whistles until they are soft. Drain and set aside. Discard the tea bag. 
 Heat the  oil  in a pan, add the  cumin  seeds. When the seeds crackle, add the  Onion ,  ginger  and  garlic  and sauté until the  Onion  is golden brown. 
 Add the chana  masala , red  chilli powder ,  mango  powder,  turmeric  powder, coriander powder,  cumin  powder and  salt  and sauté for another minute. 
 Add the  tomatoes  paste and saute for 2 minutes 
 Add the chick  Peas  and 1 cup of  water  and mix well. Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. And set aside. 
 Bhaturey
 
 Combine the  flour ,  Potato , 1 ½ teaspoons of  oil  and  salt  and knead into a firm dough without using any  water . 
 Knead the dough very well until it is smooth. Cover with a wet muslin cloth and rest the dough for 10 minutes. 
 Divide the dough into 4 equal parts and roll out into circles of 125 mm. (5") diameter. 
 Deep fry in hot  oil  until the bhaturas puff up and both sides are golden brown. 
 Serve hot with the cholay, sliced  Onion  and  lemon  wedges. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chile leaf Recipes, Pea Recipes, Indian Recipes, Mango Recipes, Masala Recipes, Potato Recipes, Punjabi Recipes, Punjabi Vegetarian, Turmeric Recipes, Add category