Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bangkok_Beef

Description : 
 An intense combination of real beef, peanut butter, and vegetables is made bolder and packed with crushed red pepper flakes, sesame oil, and peanuts and cooked to red-hot perfection, as it adds some bold zing to the meat, herbs, and spices based in Thailand. Cashews occasionally replace the unsalted peanuts and work for this too. But absolutely unlike the original, stir-fried beef, this Thai dish has a moderate hint of black pepper and soy sauce.
 
         
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup chunky  peanut butter 
 ⅓ cup  soy sauce , dark or light only 
 1 ½ tablespoon  sesame oil 
 6 tablespoon chopped fresh  cilantro , reserving 3 tablespoons for garnishing if desired 
 1 tablespoon  lemon juice 
 2 teaspoons  garlic powder 
 1 ½ teaspoon ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon  crushed red pepper  flakes 
 ¾ pound boneless  beef  sirloin  steak 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 2 large  carrots , julienned 
 ½ cup chopped  green onions 
 1 medium-size red pepper, chopped 
 ½ cup unsalted  peanuts 
 3 cups cooked  rice , white only 
 Directions : 
 Combine  peanut butter ,  soy sauce ,  sesame oil ,  cilantro ,  lemon juice ,  garlic powder ,  black pepper , and  red pepper flakes  in a small bowl; set aside. 
 Partially freeze  steak ; slice across the  grain  into ⅛-inch strips with the kitchen knife. 
 Stir-fry  beef  in  oil  in a large skillet or wok over high heat 1 to 2 minutes. 
 Add the  carrots ,  onions , red pepper, and  peanuts ; cook 1 to 2 minutes. 
 Add  rice  and  peanut  sauce; heat thoroughly. Transfer the cooked beef to the large bowl. 
 Serve warm and plain, over rice, or with other main dishes. Sprinkle with the remaining cilantro, if desired. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/49/BangkokBeef.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/313?cb=20171010020245']
Categories: Beef Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Rice Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Thai Meat Dishes, Main Dish Recipes, Asian Recipes, World Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Breakfast Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Thai Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Fruit juice Recipes, Asian Meat Dishes, Garlic powder Recipes, Root vegetable Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Southeast Asian Meat Dishes, Southeast Asian Recipes, Stir-fried Recipes, Add category