Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Annatto-reddened_Grilled_Shrimp_with_Peruvian_Potatoes


 
 Ingredients : 
 Shrimp : 
 1 tbsp  annatto seeds 
 1 cup olive  oil 
 24 large  shrimp  peeled, de-veined 
 1 large  lime  cut in half 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground black  pepper  to taste 
 Potatoes : 
 12 x Peruvian  purple potatoes 
 1 x  red bell pepper  stemmed, seeded, 
 1 x  yellow bell pepper  stemmed, seeded, 
 1 x  red onion  peeled, diced fine 
 ¼ cup coarsely-chopped  cilantro  leaves 
 ⅓ cup  champagne vinegar 
 ⅔ cup virgin  olive oil 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly-cracked black  pepper  to taste 
 Plantain crema : 
 1 x ripe  plantain  peeled, 
 1 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 tbsp  butter 
 1 x  scotch bonnet pepper  stemmed, seeded, 
 ½ x  red onion  peeled, diced small 
 3 tbsp Spanish  sherry wine vinegar 
 2 cup  heavy cream 
 salt  to taste 
 freshly-ground black  pepper  to taste 
 Directions : 
 Shrimp : 
 Heat the  annatto seeds  in a small saucepan until slightly toasty. 
 Add the olive  oil  and continue to heat for 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Now strain the  oil  and pour it over the  shrimp . 
 Turn the  shrimp  over and allow to marinate at least 10 minutes. 
 Squeeze the  lime  over the  shrimp  and season. 
 Potatoes : 
 Put the  potatoes  in a large pot and cover them with  water . 
 Cook about 15 minutes or until just barely cooked through. 
 Drain and dice them into ¾-inch sized pieces. 
 Mix the remaining ingredients in a separate bowl. 
 Pour them over the cooked  potatoes . 
 Mix gently and allow to cool before serving. 
 Plantain crema : 
 Heat a medium-large saucepan on medium-high heat. 
 Add the olive  oil  and  butter . 
 When the  butter  melts add the  plantain  slices. 
 Add the  chile  and red  onion  and stir. 
 Add the  vinegar  and reduce for 30 seconds. 
 Add the  cream  and reduce by ⅓. 
 Blend all together and strain through a medium fine strainer. 
 
 
 
Categories: Annatto seed Recipes, Champagne vinegar Recipes, Lime Recipes, Peruvian Meat Dishes, Plantain Recipes, Purple potato Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Scotch bonnet Recipes, Sherry vinegar Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Add category