Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Breakfast_Grain_Patties

Ingredients : 
 ½ cup short-grain  brown rice 
 ½ cup  amaranth 
 1 cup  rolled oats 
 ½ cup  sunflower seeds 
 1 tbsp + 2 tsp  olive oil 
 1 cup finely chopped  onion  (1 medium) 
 2 tsp minced  garlic 
 ¼ cup finely chopped  celery 
 1 tsp  fennel seeds 
 ½ tsp dried  sage 
 ¼ tsp dried  thyme 
 ¼ tsp  anise seed 
 ¼ tsp  ground coriander 
 1¼ cups small bread cubes 
 1½ tsp  tamari  or  soy sauce 
 Directions : 
 In medium saucepan, combine  rice  and 1 cup  water . 
 Bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat, cover and cook until  rice  is tender and all liquid has been absorbed, about 30 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. 
 Stir and let cool completely. 
 Meanwhile, in another medium pan, combine  amaranth , 1 1?2 cups  water  and pinch of  salt . 
 Bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat, cover and cook until all liquid has been absorbed and  amaranth  has a creamy consistency, 20 to 25 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. 
 Stir and let cool completely. 
 In large saucepan pot, bring 2 cups  water  and pinch of  salt  to a boil. 
 Add  oats  and cook, stirring occasionally, until  oats  have absorbed all  water , about 8 minutes. 
 Let cool completely. 
 In food processor, grind  sunflower seeds  to coarse meal. 
 Transfer to small bowl and set aside. 
 Add  rice  to food processor and pulse on/off until  grains  break up and mixture becomes sticky. 
 In medium saucepan, heat 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium heat. 
 Add  onion ,  garlic ,  celery , dried herbs and spices, 1?4 teaspoon freshly ground  pepper  and pinch of  salt  and cook, stirring occasionally, until  onion  has softened, about 5 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and let cool completely. 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 In large bowl, combine  rice ,  amaranth ,  oats , onion- celery  mixture, bread cubes, tamari or soy sauce and  molasses . 
 Shape mixture into 12 small patties. 
 In large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon  oil  over medium heat. 
 Cook patties in batches until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. 
 When all patties are cooked, transfer them to baking sheet and bake 15 minutes. 
 Serve warm. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Breakfast Recipes, Sunflower seed Recipes, Brown rice Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Bread Recipes, Amaranth Recipes, Add category