Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Kesra_%E2%80%94_Moroccan_Bread


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   Contributed by 
 
 
 Description : 
 This are the instructions for using a mixer and dough hook to knead the dough. But you can adapt this easily to using a bread machine to do your kneading. I know — I used to use a bread machine to do most of my kneading. You can also hand knead. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pkg  active dry yeast 
 1/4 cup warm (105 - 115 F)  water  for the  yeast 
 Plus 2 cups warm  water 
 1 tsp  Sugar 
 4 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1/3 cup  cornmeal 
 Plus 1 Tbs  cornmeal  for dusting 
 2 tsp  salt 
 2 Tbs  unsalted butter , melted 
 2 tsp  sesame seeds 
 Directions : 
 In a small bowl, mix the  yeast  with 1/4 cup warm  water . Stir in the  Sugar . 
 Set aside until the mixture starts to bubble (10–15 minutes). 
 In a mixer with a dough hook, mix the  flour , 1/3 cup  cornmeal , and  salt . 
 Make a well in the center and pour in the  yeast  mixture and melted  butter . 
 Knead, gradually adding the remaining 2 cups  water  as needed until the dough is smooth and elastic to the touch (8 to 10 minutes). 
 Grease two baking sheets and dust them with the 1 Tbs  cornmeal . 
 Separate dough into 2 balls of equal size and set each ball on a baking sheet. 
 Press them into circles 8 inches in diameter. 
 Sprinkle 1 tsp of  sesame seeds  over each loaf, gently pressing them into the dough. 
 Cover the dough with a towel and set aside in a warm place until doubled about 1 hour. 
 Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. 
 Prick the top of each Kesra with the tines of a fork. Bake for 10 minutes. 
 Lower the heat to 375 and bake until crusty and golden, 15 to 20 minutes. 
 Contributed by : 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Cornmeal Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sesame seed Recipes, World Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category