Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Red_Pepper_and_Zucchini_Quiche

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/3 cup  olive oil 
 
 2 tsp.  olive oil 
 1 large  Onion , chopped (1 1/2 cups) 
 1 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 2 medium red  bell peppers , diced 
 1 1/2 cups coarsely grated  zucchini  (1 1/2 small) 
 2 medium cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 cup low-fat firm  silken tofu  (8 oz.) 
 1 large  egg 
 2 tsp. Dijon  mustard 
 1/2 tsp. freshly ground  pepper 
 1/2 cup chopped fresh  basil 
 2 Tbs.  pine nuts 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 1 1/3 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1/4 cup yellow  cornmeal 
 1 tsp.  Sugar 
 Directions : 
 cornmeal  crust
 
 
 
 
 Make crust: In large bowl, mix  flour ,  cornmeal ,  Sugar  and  salt  with fork. Gradually stir in 1/3 cup  oil . With your fingertips, blend mixture until crumbly. Sprinkle in 3 tablespoons cold  water , tossing with fork until mixture clumps together (dough will seem crumbly).
 
 Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Push with heel of your hand several times to knead. Press dough into a disk.
 
 Preheat oven to 400F. Coat 9 1/2-inch round tart pan with removable bottom with  cooking spray . Overlap 2 sheets of plastic wrap on work surface to make 24 x 18-inch rectangle. Unwrap dough and center on plastic wrap. Cover with 2 more sheets of overlapping plastic wrap.
 
 Roll out dough into rough 11 1/2-inch circle. Discard top sheets of plastic. Lift bottom sheets of plastic and dough onto rolling pin. Carefully position rolling pin and dough over prepared pan; unroll dough into pan. Discard remaining plastic wrap. Gently press dough into bottom and up sides of pan. Run rolling pin over rim to trim edges; use trimmings to patch crust if necessary. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 20 minutes.
 
 Pierce bottom of crust in several places with fork. Place large piece of parchment paper or foil on crust; fill with pie weights or dried beans. Place tart on baking sheet and bake 8 minutes. Remove paper and weights and bake until crust begins to turn golden, 10 to 12 minutes more. Let cool in pan on wire rack. Reduce oven temperature to 350F.
 
 Meanwhile, in large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium-high heat. Add  Onion  and 1/2 teaspoon  salt  and cook, stirring often, until softened but not browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add  bell peppers ,  zucchini  and  garlic  and cook, stirring, until vegetables have wilted and most of liquid has evaporated, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to large bowl and cool completely.
 
 In food processor, puree  tofu . Add  egg ,  mustard ,  pepper  and remaining 1 teaspoon  salt  and process until very smooth, stopping once or twice to scrape down sides of work bowl with rubber spatula. Add to bowl with vegetables; add  basil  and stir until well blended. Pour into cooled crust, spreading evenly. Sprinkle with  pine nuts .
 
 Bake quiche until filling has just set, 35 to 45 minutes. Set tart pan over a large can; carefully remove side of pan. With 2 metal spatulas, lift quiche and place on large serving platter. Cut into wedges.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Add category