Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Heirloom_Tomato-Field_Pea_Salad

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 Heirloom Tomato-Field Pea Salad 
 About 2 lb. heirloom  tomatoes 
 2 cups shelled field  Peas , such as a mixture of  butter  beans, Crowder  Peas  and black-eyed  Peas , blanched 
 sea salt  and freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 3 Tbs. torn fresh  basil  or small whole leaves 
 2 Tbs. extra virgin  olive oil  for garnish 
 garlic   Mayonnaise 
 1 Tbs.  cider vinegar 
 1 Tbs. fresh  lemon juice 
 1 1/4 tsp.  sea salt 
 1 tsp. dry  mustard 
 2  egg  yolks 
 1 1/2 cups  vegetable oil 
 1 clove fresh  garlic 
 3 Tbs. boiling  water 
 Directions : 
 1. To make Heirloom Tomato-Field Pea Salad: Cut  tomatoes  into 1/2-inch slices and 1/2-inch wedges for variation, and cut or halve  cherry  and  grape tomatoes . Put all cut-up  tomatoes  into a large bowl.
 
 2. Put blanched field  Peas  into lightly salted  water . Drain, and add to  tomatoes . Season with  salt  and  pepper . Add  basil , and toss gently. Drizzle with  olive oil , and set aside for about 10 minutes.
 
 3. Meanwhile, to make  garlic   Mayonnaise : Put  vinegar ,  lemon juice , 1 teaspoon  salt  and  mustard  into a bowl, and whisk until  salt  and  mustard  are dispersed. Add  egg  yolks, and beat until smooth. Add  oil , drop by drop at first, and later in a slow, steady stream, whisking until  oil  is incorporated into an emulsion. Chop  garlic , and rub it into a paste with remaining 1/4 teaspoon  salt . Pour boiling  water  over  garlic  paste, stir well and whisk into  Mayonnaise . Drizzle about 6 tablespoons  garlic   Mayonnaise  over salad, thinning with more hot  water  if needed.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Black-eyed pea Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Cherry tomato Salad Recipes, Cider vinegar Recipes, Clove Recipes, Grape tomato Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Pea Recipes, Add category