Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Caribbean_Lime_Mousse

Description : 
 Like  key lime  pie in a glass, this delicious dessert is both easy and elegant. 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  water 
 2 tablespoons  water 
 ½ cup  flour 
 ½ cup  cornstarch 
 1 pinch  salt 
 2 cups  granulated sugar 
 6  eggs , separated 
 2 large  limes 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 2 tablespoons  butter 
 5 tablespoons  heavy cream 
 ¼ cup sweetened flaked  coconut 
 4  lime  slices 
 granulated sugar , as needed (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Using a microplane zester, remove zest from  limes  and set aside. 
 Squeeze and strain juice from  limes  into a small bowl and set aside. 
 Heat the  water  in a saucepan until steaming (do not boil). 
 Whisk in the  flour ,  cornstarch ,  salt , and 2 cups  Sugar . 
 Cook, stirring constantly, until lightly thickened. 
 Separate  egg  white from  egg   yolks  and set each aside. 
 Whisk together the  egg   yolks  with the  lime  zest and  vanilla . 
 Using a small ladle, add a small amount of heated mixture to  egg yolks , stirring briskly to temper. 
 Do this a couple more times, then gradually stir the  egg yolk  mixture into the saucepan, whisking briskly as you do so. 
 Quickly stir in the  lime juice ,  butter , and  heavy cream . 
 Cook, stirring, for 2-4 minutes or until thickened; remove from heat. 
 In a large mixing bowl, beat  egg  whites until very stiff. 
 Fold beaten  egg  whites into  lime  mixture, stirring gently until blended. 
 Spoon mousse into 4 large wine glasses or dessert dishes. 
 Sprinkle each dessert with about 1 tbsp shredded  coconut . 
 Cut each  lime  slice almost in half, stopping cutting just at the edge of the peel on one side. 
 Dip  lime  slices into  granulated sugar , if desired, and shake off excess. 
 Twist cut sides of  lime  into two opposite directions and lay on top of mousse. 
 Chill for 2-3 hours or until firm and set, before serving. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/50/CaribbeanLimeMousse.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20050420052356']
Categories: Caribbean Desserts, Mousse Recipes, Lime Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Key lime Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Citrus Desserts, Add category