Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/How_to_Easily_Make_Sourdough_French_Toast_Like_Cracker_Barrel


 
 Description : 
 I got an idea one day when I was in a Cracker Barrel restaurant eating breakfast. They had sourdough French toast and it was the best French toast I'd had, so I wanted to re-create the recipe at home. I haven't gotten this down to a recipe with exact measurements, but I usually use: 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Pepperidge Farmhouse  sourdough bread  slices 
 about 1 to 1½ or so cups of  milk 
 1 or 2  egg whites  (or the whole  egg , if you prefer) 
 cinnamon  and/or  sugar  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Mix the  milk ,  egg  whites, and  cinnamon  and/or  sugar  together. 
 Place both sides of each bread slice into the mixture to saturate the bread. 
 Most of the time i use pam  cooking spray  to  butter  the pan, because it's easier and quicker for me to just spray every time to keep it from sticking. 
 But if you prefer  butter  or  margarine , that's fine too. 
 The first slice you should cook for a few minutes on each side. 
 Then with the other slices, after the pan has had a chance to really get hot, it only takes a couple of minutes each side to get it brown. 
 Depending on how much of the  milk  and  egg  mixture you let sink into each slice, it can make from 4-8 sourdough slices. 
 I like to use  strawberry  syrup, but you can use any syrup you like. 
 You can even make your own syrup by mixing two cups of  sugar , one cup or  water , a teaspoon of  vanilla extract  and whatever flavoring ( strawberry ,  blueberry ,  cherry ) you want. 
 Bring it to a boil, then lower the heat and let it simmer for about five minutes. 
 For thicker syrup, you can add clear karo syrup, too. 
 And to finish it all off, you can add a couple of (big) spoonfuls of  cool whip  (or any  whipped cream ) on top. 
 Yummy. 
 Enjoy!. 
 About the author : 
 Discover Tried and True Dessert Recipes Now That Will Have Your Sweet Tooth Screaming with Delight at  http://www.koripuckett.com/just-desserts 
 Kori Puckett may be contacted at  http://www.koripuckett.com  .
 Kori Puckett loves baking, reading, and listening to music. Visit her web site www.KoriPuckett.com to find recipes and recipe collections, relaxation indoor fountains, and more home related information and products.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Articles, Sourdough bread Recipes, Brunch Recipes, Breakfast Recipes, Add category