Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Tiramisu

Description : 
       Christmas tiramisu     
 Makes: 10-12 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lbs  mascarpone   or  soft  cream cheese 
 ¾ cup  sugar 
 8 large  egg yolks 
 ½ cup  sweet wine 
 2 cup  espresso   or  very strong black  coffee  (approx.) 
 9 oz  ladyfingers   or  14 oz angel food  or  sponge cake, thinly sliced 
 1 tbsp unsweetened  cocoa 
 Directions : 
 In a small bowl, using a fork, beat the  cheese  until creamy. 
 Set aside. 
 Place a large (about 10-12 cups capacity) metal bowl over a pot of boiling  water . 
 Using a hand-held electric mixer set on medium high, beat the  sugar  and  egg yolks  in the bowl for 1 minute, or until the mixture is well blended. 
 With the mixer set on low speed to prevent splashing, gradually add the wine. 
 Continue to cook and beat the mixture, increasing the speed to medium and then to high as the mixture thickens. 
 Cook and beat for 5-7 minutes, or until the mixture is thickened and light, scraping down the sides of the bowl frequently with a rubber spatula. 
 Remove the bowl from the heat and continue to beat the mixture for 1 minute longer. 
 Beat in the  cheese  just until blended (makes about 5 cups). 
 Pour one cup of the espresso into a small shallow bowl that is large enough to hold a ladyfinger if it is placed horizontally in the bowl. 
 Quickly dip the rounded top side of each ladyfinger into the espresso. 
 Only the top half of the  ladyfingers  should be soaked with the espresso. 
 If the  ladyfingers  get too wet, they will fall apart! add more  coffee  to the bowl as needed. 
 Place the  ladyfingers , flat side down, in the bottom of a 13 x 9 glass or ceramic pan. 
 Do not use a metal pan. 
 Form one layer. 
 Pour half of the custard mixture over the  ladyfingers  and spread to cover them. 
 Dip the remaining  ladyfingers  in the espresso (there will be a few remaining ones and form a second layer over the custard mixture. 
 Pour the remaining custard mixture over the  ladyfingers  and spread to an even layer. 
 Place the  cocoa  in a strainer and dust the top of the tiramisu evenly. 
 Cover and refrigerate for at least 10 hours. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/2d/Tiramisu-Mascarpone.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/398?cb=20100203152349']
Categories: Christmas Desserts, Cocoa Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Dessert wine Recipes, Italian Desserts, Mascarpone Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Add category