Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Apple_Cake_with_Crackly_Meringue

Ingredients : 
 10 oz  all-purpose flour  (about 2 cups) 
 10½ oz  sugar , (about 1½ cups) 
 pinch of  salt 
 1½ sticks  unsalted cold butter , cut into small pieces 
 ¾ cup  milk 
 2 large  eggs 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 2 tsp  lemon zest 
 1 tbsp  baking powder 
 2 large  Granny Smith apples 
 1 large  egg white 
 3 tbsp  flour 
 2 tbsp  sugar 
 Directions : 
 Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 °F. 
 Grease and  flour  a 9-inch spring-form pan. 
 In a large bowl, add  salt ,  butter , 2 cups  flour , and ½ cup  sugar . 
 Cut in  butter  with your fingers or with a pastry blender until crumbly. 
 Remove 1 cup of the crumbs and press them over the bottom and about ½ inch up the sides of the spring-form pan, making a crust about ⅛ inch thick. 
 Make a well in the remaining crumb mixture. 
 Add the  milk ,  eggs ,  vanilla ,  lemon  zest, the remaining 3 tbsp  flour , and the  baking powder . 
 With a whisk, blend this mixture thoroughly, without incorporating the crumbs. 
 Then, with a wooden spoon stir in the crumbs until well blended but still a little lumpy. 
 Core, peel and chop  apples  into ½ inch pieces, then fold the  apples  into the mixture. 
 Scrape the batter into the pan. 
 In a small bowl, beat the  egg  white until foamy. 
 Beat in the remaining 2 tbsp  sugar  and beat until the whites barely stand in peaks. 
 Spread over the top of the batter. 
 Bake 65 – 75 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. 
 Remove from the oven and cool 30 minutes on a wire rack. 
 Slip off the sides of the pan and finish cooling the cake. 
 Serve at room temperature. 
 Covered in plastic wrap, the cake holds well at cool room temperature up to 2 days. It keeps a week in the refrigerator. Either way, warming it in the oven makes it even tastier. 
 Easy to move around and heat if you leave it on the pan base (when cold, put in a cold oven on a tray, set temperature to 350 °F. Turn off oven when temperature reaches 350 °F). 
 Delicious served alone, but one could add  whipped cream . 
 
 
 
Categories: Panamanian Desserts, Cake Recipes, Granny Smith apple Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category