Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bharrey_Baghare_Tamate

Description : 
 Contributed by Delma at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Ingredients : 
 12 medium sized  tomatoes  (1½ pounds) 
 Filling : 
 22 ounce  paneer 
 12 ounce  mushrooms 
 unsalted butter  to sauté [mushroom]]s 
 6 tablespoons  processed cheese 
 1 medium sized  red bell pepper 
 1 medium sized  yellow bell pepper 
 1 teaspoons  coriander leaves  chopped fine 
 4  green chilies  chopped fine 
 24  cashew  nut halves 
 ½ teaspoons  shahjeera  freshly roasted 
 salt  to taste 
 Gravy : 
 ½ cup  oil 
 ½ teaspoon  mustard seeds 
 ½ teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 16  curry leaves 
 12 ounce  onions  chopped 
 41 teaspoons  ginger  paste strained 
 11 teaspoons  garlic  paste strained 
 1½ teaspoons  chili powder 
 1 teaspoon  turmeric powder 
 salt  to taste 
 6 tablespoon  onion  paste fried 
 4 tablespoon  tamarind  pulp 
 Paste : 
 ½ cup  groundnuts  roasted 
 ¾ cup  grated coconut 
 41 teaspoons  sesame seeds 
 22 ounce  onions  chopped 
 1½ teaspoons  coriander  powder 
 ½ teaspoons  cumin  powder 
 Directions : 
 Blanch the  tomatoes  in salted boiling  water  for 30 seconds. 
 Drain, cool and remove the skin. 
 Lope off ½ cm. from the top, scoop out the seeds to make cups and keep aside. 
 Filling : 
 Clean and coarsely chop the  mushrooms . 
 Melt  butter  in a frying pan, add  mushrooms  and sauté over medium heat until devoid of moisture. 
 Remove from heat and keep aside to cool. 
 Deseed and slice the red and yellow  bell peppers . 
 Mix chopped  peppers ,  mushrooms ,  coriander leaves , green chilies,  cashew  nuts and shahjeera well. 
 Grate paneer and  cheese  in a bowl, add the remaining ingredients. 
 Mix well and divide into 12 equal portions. 
 Put a portion of the filling into each of the blanched  tomatoes  and keep aside. 
 Paste : 
 Heat a tawa or a non stick frying pan and separately roast the  coconut  and  sesame seeds , for about three minutes each over very low heat or until each emits its unique aroma. 
 Put these ingredients in a blender, add groundnuts and ¾ cup  water , and grind to a smooth paste. 
 Remove from the blender. 
 Add coriander powder and  cumin  powder. 
 Mix well and keep aside. 
 Gravy : 
 Heat  oil  in pan and season with  mustard seeds  and  cumin  seeds. 
 Stir over medium heat until they begin to crackle. 
 Add  curry leaves  and stir. 
 Add  onions  and sauté until translucent and glossy. 
 Add  ginger  paste and  garlic  paste. 
 Stir-fry until the  onions  are golden. 
 Add  chili powder  and  turmeric  powder (dissolved in two tablespoons of  water ). 
 Stir-fry until the moisture evaporates. 
 Then add the paste and stir-fry until the  oil  floats on top (adding a little  water  towards the end, if necessary, to ensure that the  masala  does not stick and burn). 
 Add three cups  water  and  salt , and bring it to a boil. 
 Lower the heat and stir-in the  tamarind  pulp. 
 Bring it to a boil. 
 Lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the gravy reaches thin sauce consistency. 
 Assembly : 
 Add the stuffed  tomatoes , cover and simmer for two to three minutes (ensuring that the  tomatoes  remain firm). 
 Uncover and simmer until the gravy is slightly thicker. 
 Remove from heat and adjust the seasoning. 
 Serve either with steamed  rice  or any Indian  bread  of your choice. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cashew Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Curry leaf Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Indian Vegetarian, Mushroom Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Paneer Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Add category