Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Costa_Rican_Tilapia


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons fresh  lime juice 
 3 tablespoons  olive oil , divided 
 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh  cilantro  or  parsley , divided 
 4 teaspoons minced  garlic , divided 
 1-1/2 teaspoons  kosher salt , divided 
 1/4 teaspoon  Sugar 
 6  Tilapia  fillets, about 5 ounces each 
 3/4 cup  long-grain rice 
 1 cup chopped  onions 
 2  oranges , peeled, seeded, coarsely chopped 
 1 can (28 ounces) diced  tomatoes , undrained 
 1 can (15 ounces) black or  pinto beans , drained, rinsed 
 1 teaspoon dried  oregano  leaves 
 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 1/4 teaspoon  cayenne pepper 
 Directions : 
 For the  Tilapia  marinade, combine  lime juice , 1 tablespoon  olive oil , 2 tablespoons  cilantro , 1 teaspoon  garlic , 1/2 teaspoon  salt , and  Sugar  in a shallow dish. Add  Tilapia  and marinate 15 minutes, turning once. 
 To prepare the bean and  rice  mixture, cook the  rice  according to package directions and keep warm while the  Tilapia  is marinating. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large, high-sided skillet or saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons  olive oil  on medium heat. Add remaining  garlic  and  onions ; sauté until translucent, about 5 minutes, stirring. Add 2 tablespoons  cilantro ,  oranges ,  tomatoes , beans,  oregano , 1 teaspoon  salt ,  pepper , and  Cayenne . Cook, uncovered, until hot, 7 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Transfer hot  rice  to a 9 by 13 inch or 2-1/2 to 3 quart baking dish. Spoon the bean mixture on top of  rice  and gently blend. Slightly overlap  Tilapia  fillets on top and scrape marinade over fillets. Bake until the flesh of the  Tilapia  just begins to flake at the nudge of a fork, 16 to 20 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Costa Rican Recipes, Costa Rican Snacks, Oregano Recipes, Tilapia Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Rice Recipes, Pinto bean Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category