Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Greek_Macaroni_and_Cheese

Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Serves 4 – 6 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound  macaroni 
 ½ pound  spinach , washed and stemmed 
 1½ pounds crumbled  feta  cheese (about 6 cups) 
 2⅓ cups whole  milk 
 2 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 ⅔  olive oil 
 1 tsp  kosher salt 
 2 tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 ¾ tsp minced fresh  rosemary 
 2 tsp minced fresh  thyme 
 1 tbsp finely chopped  garlic 
 ½ tsp  red pepper flakes , or to taste 
 ½ cup pitted and coarsely chopped  black olives 
 ½ pound  cherry tomatoes , halved 
 ½ cup grated  parmesan cheese 
 ¼ cup mixed chopped fresh  herbs 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F 
 Bring 6 quarts of salted  water  to a boil. 
 Add the  pasta  and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Drain and place in a large mixing bowl. 
 Blanche the  spinach : bring 4 quarts of salted  water  to a simmer over medium-high heat. 
 Have ready a large bowl of ice water and slotted spoon. 
 Add the  spinach  to the simmering  water  (in three or four batches) and submerge it. 
 Let it cook for about 15 seconds, remove with the slotted spoon, and plunge into the ice water. 
 Let the  spinach  cool completely, drain it, and squeeze out the excess  water . If the leaves are large, chop then into bite-size pieces. Reserve. 
 In a blender or food processor, puree the  feta   cheese  with the  milk ,  lemon juice ,  olive oil ,  salt , and  pepper . Blend in two batches, if necessary. This will not be completely smooth; there will be very small chunks of  cheese  remaining. 
 Stir the  cheese  mixture into the cooked  pasta , then add the minced  rosemary  and  thyme , the  garlic ,  red pepper flakes ,  cherry tomatoes , and blanched  spinach . 
 Place in a 9 by 13-inch baking pan and sprinkle with the grated  parmesan cheese  and the mixed herbs. 
 Bake on the middle shelf until the  pasta  is heated through and the top is slightly browned, 25 to 30 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, Feta Recipes, Macaroni and cheese Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Spinach Recipes, World Recipes, Add category