Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Meat_Samosas

Ingredients : 
 Pastry : 
 2 cups  flour  + a bit more 
 water , enough to make a stiff dough 
 cooking oil 
 Filling : 
 1 lb cooked meat ( beef  or  lamb ), ground or finely minced 
 1 clove  garlic , mashed 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp  mint  leaves, dried 
 ½ cup chopped  onions 
 ¼ tsp  cinnamon 
 ¼ tsp  ginger 
 ¼ tsp  cloves 
 ¼ tsp  chili powder 
 4 tbsp  lemon juice 
 Description : 
 Combine 2 cups  flour , sifted, with  water  to make a stiff dough. 
 Knead until smooth and divide in 4 parts. 
 Roll each piece into a circle 4 inches in diameter on a board. 
 Brush each with cooking  oil . 
 Sprinkle evenly with  flour . 
 Place the circles on top of each other with floured sides facing. 
 Gently roll pile of circles into large circle 8 to 9 inches in diameter.  Note : at beginning pastry should be turned over while rolling to make all circles same size. 
 On iron grill or flat teflon pan: fry pastry on both sides without  browning  it (about 2 minutes on each side). Large and small bubbles will swell up pastry indicating when done. 
 Cool slightly. 
 Cut pastry in three uniform strips and peel off pieces. 
 There are now twelve strips. 
 Filling : 
 In a 1-quart saucepan, cook filling mixture for 10 minutes stirring constantly. 
 Cool. 
 Make a cone at one end of the pastry strip. 
 Hold the cone in left hand and fill with mixture. 
 Turn the flap over to form a three-cornered pastry. 
 Seal the edge with a paste made with 1 tbsp  flour  and 1 tbsp  water . 
 Chill for 1 hour. 
 Deep-fat fry at 375°F until golden brown. 
 Serve with  lemon  wedges while still hot. 
 As an adaptation, you can make samosas with pie crust. 
 Purchase the packaged mix and bake the samosas. 
 0r in making your own pie crust cut down on  shortening  by half for deep-fat frying. 
 
 
 
Categories: Liberian Meat Dishes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Onion Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category