Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Black_Mamba_Cookies

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb. semisweet  baking chocolate , coarsely chopped 
 3 oz.  unsweetened chocolate , coarsely chopped 
 1/4 lb. (1 stick)  unsalted butter , cut into 1/2-oz. pieces 
 1/2 cup  all-purpose flour 
 1/4 cup  unsweetened cocoa powder 
 1/4 tsp.  baking powder 
 1/4 tsp.  salt 
 4 large  eggs 
 1 cup  granulated sugar 
 2 Tbs. instant espresso powder 
 1/2 cup  semisweet chocolate  chips 
 1/4 cup  pecans , toasted and coarsely chopped 
 1/4 cup  walnuts , toasted and coarsely chopped 
 1 Tbs.  pure vanilla extract 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 325F.
 2. Melt chocolates and  butter  in top of double boiler or in medium-sized glass bowl in microwave oven, and stir until smooth. Set aside until needed.
 3. In sifter, combine  flour ,  cocoa powder ,  baking powder  and  salt . Sift onto large piece of parchment paper, and set aside until needed.
 4. Place  eggs ,  Sugar  and espresso powder in bowl of electric mixer fitted with paddle. Beat on medium for 4 minutes until mixture is thickened and slightly frothy. Add  chocolate  mixture, and mix on medium to combine, about 1 minute. Use rubber spatula to scrape down sides of bowl. Mix on low while gradually adding dry ingredients until incorporated, about 45 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl.
 5. Add  chocolate chips ,  pecans ,  walnuts  and  vanilla extract . Mix on low to combine, about 10 seconds. Remove bowl from mixer, and use rubber spatula to
 finish mixing ingredients until thoroughly combined for batter-like consistency.
 6. Using 3 heaping tablespoons of cookie batter per cookie, portion 6 cookies, evenly spaced, onto each of 3 nonstick baking sheets. Place 1 sheet on top rack and 1 sheet on center rack. Bake third sheet in separate oven, or hold at room temperature, then bake after first two sheets are removed.
 7. Bake for 18 minutes total. After 9 minutes, rotate sheets 180 degrees and from top to center.
 8. Remove cookies from oven, and cool to room temperature on sheets. Store cooled cookies in sealed container.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Chocolate chip Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Unsweetened chocolate Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category