Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Amazon_Bean_Soup_with_Winter_Squash_and_Greens

Amazon Bean Soup with Winter Squash and Greens
By EatingWell.com
 Makes 8 servings, 1 1/2 cups each
ACTIVE TIME: 40 minutes
TOTAL TIME: 1 hour 10 minutes
EASE OF PREPARATION: Easy
 Shaped like a flattened drum, buttercup squash most closely resembles
the local squash used in this comforting hearty soup from northern
Brazil. It has a dark green peel, a grayish turban-shaped top and
dense orange flesh. Hubbard, butternut or delicata squashes could also
be used. Instead of the lip-numbing Brazilian green jambu, we have
used spinach. For a more festive look, serve in a roasted squash half
(see Tip).
 1 tablespoon butter
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 carrots, chopped
1 medium onion, chopped
6 cups reduced-sodium chicken broth
3 pounds buttercup squash, peeled and diced (about 6 cups)
1 plum tomato, chopped
1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
2 15-ounce cans pinto or other brown beans, rinsed
10 ounces spinach, stemmed and coarsely chopped
1 lime, cut into wedges
 1. Melt butter in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add garlic,
carrots and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the
vegetables are tender and lightly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add broth
and scrape up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Add squash,
tomato, crushed red pepper, salt and pepper and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until the squash is very soft and
almost breaking apart, about 20 minutes.
 2. Transfer 3 cups of the soup to a blender and puree until smooth.
(Use caution when pureeing hot liquids.) Return the pureed soup to the
pot. Stir in beans and spinach and cook over medium heat until the
beans are heated through and the spinach is wilted, about 5 minutes.
Serve with lime wedges.
 Nutrition Information
Per serving: 223 calories; 3 g fat (2 g sat, 0 g mono); 8 mg
cholesterol; 43 g carbohydrate; 11 g protein; 10 g fiber; 310 mg
sodium. Nutrition bonus: Vitamin A (510% daily value), Vitamin C (90%
dv), Folate (46% dv), Potassium (34% dv). 2 Carbohydrate Servings.
Exchanges: 2 1/2 starch, 1 1/2 vegetable, 1 lean meat
 Tip
To make squash bowls: Preheat oven to 425 F. Slice about an inch off
the top of each buttercup squash. Scoop out seeds and loose flesh.
Pour 1/2 inch water into a glass baking dish (or two) large enough to
hold the squash. Place squash cut-side down in the water. Bake until
the flesh is tender when gently poked with a knife and the squash
still holds its shape, about 30 minutes.
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Add category