Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roasted_Garlic_with_Goat_Cheese

Description : 
 Serves 8 or more 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ cup  crème fraîche 
 16 – 20 whole heads of  garlic 
 ½ cup  butter 
 pepper  to taste 
 1 cup dry  white wine 
 ½ cup  vegetable stock 
 ½ kilo semi-hard  goat cheese 
 6  spring onions , trimmed and chopped finely 
 16 – 20 slices  country-style bread 
 olive oil  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 With the point of a knife make an incision in each  garlic  bulb about 4 cm from the top. 
 Remove the first layer of skin from the tops so that the points of the cloves are showing. 
 Grease a baking dish and arrange the bulbs in the dish. 
 Dot the bulbs with the  butter , using ½ tbsp of  butter  for each bulb. 
 Sprinkle with  pepper . 
 Pour the wine and stock into the baking dish, cover with aluminum foil and bake in an oven that has been preheated to 180°C for 45 minutes. 
 Remove the foil and bake for 15 minutes longer. 
 The cloves will be done when some of the  garlic  comes off on the tip of a sharp knife that is inserted into the cloves. 
 Remove from the oven. 
 Place all but 3 tbsp of the crème fraîche in a bowl and to this add the  cheese , mashing together with a fork. 
 Add the remaining crème fraîche if necessary and continue beating with a fork until the mixture has the texture of a thick puree. 
 Add the chopped spring  onions  and mix well. 
 To serve, place 1 slice of bread and 1  garlic  bulb on each plate, and place the remaining  garlic  on a serving plate in the center of the table. 
 Pass the  cheese  mixture separately. 
 Guests should spread the  cheese  on the bread; then, using a fork, they should press the  garlic  flesh out of each clove and spread it on top. 
 The  garlic  may then be sprinkled with  olive oil  if desired. 
 Serve with dry  red wine  as an appetizer. 
 
 
 
Categories: Israeli Appetizers, Goat cheese Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Crème fraîche Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Green onion Recipes, Bread Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, White wine Recipes, Add category