Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Anticuchos

Description : 
       Anticuchos     
 Not a unique meat in itself, this Peruvian specialty dish turns the rather tough beef heart meat into a tender delicacy.  Beef  heart cleaned well removing all fat, marinated in  red wine vinegar , red  hot peppers ,  garlic  and a host of other exotic spices for 8 hours, then grilled and skewered into tender Kebabs.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1  beef heart  about 4 pounds 
 3 large clove  garlic  peeled 
 1½ tbsp  coarse salt 
 ⅛ tsp freshly ground black  pepper 
 2 tsp ground  cumin 
 3 dry  red chile peppers  seeded 
 1 dry  ancho pepper  seeded 
 ¾ cup  red wine vinegar 
 ⅓ cup  achiote oil 
 2 to 3 slices  bacon  ( 2 oz) 
 8 x 8" to 10" bamboo skewers 
 Directions : 
 Trim any fat from the heart and remove veins and membranes. 
 Cut into 24 cubes. 
 Place in a bowl and set aside. 
 With a mortar and pestle pound the  garlic  and  salt  to a paste. 
 Add the  pepper  and  cumin  and continue pounding. 
 Place the seeded red  chile  and ancho  peppers  in a bowl, add the  vinegar , and let soak for about 10 minutes, or until the  peppers  are soft. 
 Place the softened  peppers  with the  vinegar  in a blender and puree until liquid. 
 Add this mixture to the  garlic  paste and stir thoroughly. 
 Allow to sit for 10 minutes. 
 Add the  achiote oil  and pour the mixture over the cubed meat, stirring to coat all the pieces. 
 Let marinate, covered, at room temperature for 6 to 8 hours, or in the refrigerator overnight. 
 Thread 3 pieces of the marinated cubes of  beef  heart on each of the 8 skewers, reserving the marinade, and set aside. 
 There are two ways of cooking the  beef  hearts. 
 Both methods require quick searing. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a0/200181566.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004603']
Categories: Peruvian Meat Dishes, Skewer Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Chile de arbol Recipes, Ancho chile Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Beef Recipes, Heart Recipes, Add category