Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bruschetta_with_White_Beans

  File:Bruschettawithwhitebeans.jpg     Bruschetta with white beans.     
 Bruschetta  lends itself to an unlimited number of toppings, and this combination of white beans and prosciutto is delicious. Use a good quality brand of imported beans to simplify the recipe. Serves 4.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 Cups Cooked Cannellini Beans (See Cannellini ~ The Pride Of Tuscany For Details) Or 1 (16 oz.) Cans Good Quality Cannellini Beans, Drained 
 6 Slices Prosciutto, Chopped 
 2 Cloves Garlic, Minced, Plus One Peeled And Left Whole 
 Salt & Pepper 
 Dash Of Red Pepper Flakes (Optional) 
 Olive Oil 
 3 Tablespoons Finely Chopped Parsley 
 8 Slices, Good Quality Italian Bread 
 Method : 
 In frying pan, cook the prosciutto until it has browned. 
 Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil, and cook the minced garlic for 1 minute. 
 Add the beans, salt and pepper, red pepper flakes, and an additional 4 tablespoons olive oil and mix. 
 Cook for a minute or two to heat through. 
 Using a fork, lightly mash the beans. 
 Remove from the heat and add the chopped parsley. 
 If the mixture seems dry, add a little more olive oil, or water. 
 Grill or broil the bread slices until they are golden brown on both sides. 
 Pierce the whole garlic clove with a fork, and rub the clove over one side of each of the bread slices. 
 Spread the garlic rubbed side of each bread slice with some of the bean mixture. #Serve. 
 Tip : 
 Buy loose dried beans from a busy market with a steady turnover. If buying packaged beans check for the expiry date, and don't buy any that have expired. Once home, transfer beans to a glass jar with a couple of chile peppers in it which will help prevent bug invasion. If you need the beans the same day and don't have the time to soak them overnight, try the quick soak method. To do this, place the beans in a pot with four times the amount of cold water. Bring the water to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Next remove the beans from the heat, and cover. Let sit 1 hour.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Italian Recipes, Cannellini bean Recipes, Prosciutto Recipes, Bruschetta Recipes, Add category