Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Adam%27s_Chocolate_Cake

Description : 
 So why bake a cake? Well I guess it was more out of curiosity more than anything else. I had downloaded several recipes from online but none really inspired me they all contained too much sugar and used cheep milk chocolate and very little booze. ;-) 
 To me a chocolate cake should be rich, well textured, smooth and indulgent but maintain that slight bitterness that truly good chocolate possess much like that perfect cup of coffee. 
 This was my first experiment in making a cake & the feedback I had was unequivocally good. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake : 
 2 cups of plain  flour 
 ¼ of a cup of  caster sugar 
 125g an  unsalted butter  (make it a nice  European-style butter  - it costs slightly more but there is a much richer flavour) 
 1 cup of  kahlúa  (you could use  whiskey  and add a shot of  espresso  coffee) 
 220-300g of  dark chocolate  (75% coco or above the higher the better) 
 3-4  eggs 
 sauce : 
 75g of  dark chocolate  (75% coco or above the higher the better) 
 ¼ of a cup of  milk  (full  cream  – I really can’t stand that skim rubbish and you will not get the right consistency with anything less!) 
 Ingredients : 
 Cake : 
 Pre-heat oven at 200 °C (i use an ordinary gas oven; if yours in fan forced turn the temp down to about 170 °C). 
 Grease a 20 cm cake tin with butter. 
 Crack open the eggs and mix the contents with the caster sugar. For best results beat with a wire balloon egg whisk. 
 In a saucepan melt the chocolate and butter on a low heat mixing slowly until completed melted. Once melted put to one side. 
 Combine the kahlúa, flour, melted chocolate, and eggs and mix together with a wooden spoon. (if you want to knock the kids out for the afternoon let them lick the spoon afterwards). 
 Pour cake mix into the greased cake tin and place in an oven for about 15–20 minutes. (if you can poke a knife into the centre and pull it out clean then it’s ready). 
 Take the cake out and let stand for 15 min before adding the sauce. 
 Sauce : 
 Melt chocolate with the milk on a low heat, (the consistency you are after is that of thick sloppy mud). 
 Smear liberally over the cake. 
 
 
 
Categories: Dark chocolate Recipes, Cake Recipes, Kahlúa Recipes, Add category