Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetarian_Chili_Masa_Cake_Stacks

Ingredients : 
 1  red onion , very thinly sliced 
 2 tablespoons  white wine vinegar 
 2 cups instant  masa  flour 
 pinch  salt 
 2 teaspoons ground  cumin 
 1⅛ cups  water 
 1 cup cold  vegetarian chili 
 vegetable oil , for pan-frying 
 2 cups hot  vegetarian chili 
 ½ cup grated Monterey  jack cheese 
 Essence Creole Seasoning 
 3 cups chiffonade  romaine lettuce 
 2 cups seeded and diced  tomatoes 
 sour cream , as accompaniment 
 Directions : 
 Place the sliced  onions  in a small bowl and add the  vinegar . 
 Mix and let the  onions  sit while you prepare the rest of the dish. 
 In a large bowl, combine the  masa ,  salt , and  cumin . 
 Add the  water  and mix with a wooden spoon or your hands, until the mixture forms a crumbly dough and holds together when formed into a ball without sticking to your hands. 
 Take a small portion of the dough and shape into a thin (less than ¼-inch) patty. 
 Place a teaspoon or so of the cold  chili  in the center of the dough and top with a little  cheese . 
 Make another thin patty and top the  chili , pressing the edges to seal the  chili  inside the  masa  cake. 
 Work the patty with your hands so it is even thickness. 
 Repeat with the remaining dough, to make 8 cakes. 
 Fill a large saute pan with ¾-inch of the  oil  and heat over medium-high heat. 
 When the  oil  is hot, pan-fry the cakes, in batches, so they are golden brown on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. 
 Remove to a paper towel lined plate and season with essence. 
 To serve: place a small pool of the hot  chili  on each of 4 plates. 
 Place 1 cake in the center of the  chili . 
 Top with some of the  lettuce  and  tomatoes . 
 Top with another cake and place some of the  pickled onions  on top. 
 Drizzle with  sour cream  and serve. 
 Fill a large saute pan with ¾-inch of the  oil  and heat over medium-high heat. 
 When the  oil  is hot, pan-fry the cakes, in batches, so they are golden brown on both sides, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. 
 Remove to a paper towel lined plate and season with essence. 
 To serve: place a small pool of the hot  chili  on each of 4 plates. 
 Place 1 cake in the center of the  chili . 
 Top with some of the  lettuce  and  tomatoes . 
 Top with another cake and place some of the  pickled onions  on top. 
 Drizzle with  sour cream  and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheese Recipes, Chili Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Masa Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Pickled onion Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Romaine lettuce Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category