Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pastelon_de_Platanos_Maduros


 
 Description : 
 Sweet  plantain  baked with every thing, but the kitchen sink.
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ to 1 once of cooking  ham   or   ham  steak. ( washed and diced ) 
 1 tablespoon of  olive oil . 
 2 to 3 tablespoons of  sofrito 
 1 pound of  ground beef 
 2 to 3 hard boiled  eggs  (chilled and chopped ) 
 6 to 8  Spanish olives  (chopped coarsely) 
 1 teaspoon of  capers 
 1 teaspoon of ground  oregano 
 ⅛ teaspoon of  white vinegar 
 1 x 8 ounce can of  tomato sauce 
 ½ pound of fresh green  string beans  (trimmed and washed in cold  water  ) 
 4 to 6 large ripe  plantains  peeled and sliced length wise (about ¼ in thick, place sliced  plantains  in a bowl of cold  water  large enough to hold all the  plantains ) 
 vegetable oil   or   shortening  for frying. 
 6 extra large  eggs 
 Directions : 
 In a large hot frying pan or caldero add one tablespoon of  olive oil  and brown the diced cooking  ham . 
 Add sofrito and reduce heat. 
 Let simmer for about 5 to seven minutes. 
 Add ground  beef  and raise heat enough to brown meat without burning the other ingredients in the pot. 
 Once the ground  beef  done make sure to skim off all the fat before adding the following ingredients. 
 Add the rest of the ingredients from step. 
 3 add  salt  and  pepper  to taste allow to simmer covered for at least 15 minutes. 
 Once it is done remove from heat and set aside. 
 Bring 3 - 4 cups of cold  water  with ½ of teaspoon of  salt  to a boil. 
 Add  string beans  and allow to blanch for 3 to 5 minutes, remove and drain. 
 Place under cold running  water  drain and set aside. 
 Place enough  vegetable oil  or  shortening  in a frying pan or caldero to deep fry the  plantain  slices. 
 Place  plantains  in the hot  oil  and deep fry until golden brown, make sure not to over cook them. 
 When they are done remove and drain on a paper towel. 
 Repeat this process until you have fried all the  plantain  slices. 
 Once done set aside. 
 Place  eggs  in a bowl add about ¼ teaspoon of  salt  and a teaspoon of cold  water , and beat until the mixture is nice and smooth. 
 Grease or  oil  a large baking dish or large cast iron frying pan. 
 Add ½ of the  egg  mixture. 
 Place slices of  plantains  in the bottom of the pan or dish in order to create the bottom layer. 
 Add enough of the meat mixture to cover the  plantains . 
 Add enough  string beans  to cover the meat mixture. 
 Add another layer of  plantains . 
 Add about ½ of the remaining  egg  mixture. 
 Continue this process until you have used all the ingredients (just remember to make sure that your final layer must be made up of  plantains ). 
 Add the last of the  egg  mixture making sure that it covers the whole top of the dish or pan, if you feel that you need more beat another 2  eggs  and pour the mixture over the top of the final layer. 
 Pre heat your oven at 350 °F. 
 Place mixture in the oven and bake from 3o to 45 minutes. 
 At the end of the cooking time place a knife in the center if it comes out with no  egg  residue your pastelon is done remove from oven and allow to cool for about 15 minutes. 
 Slice and serve as you would a portion of pie or lasagna. 
 
 
 
Categories: Caper Recipes, Egg Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ham Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Recipes that need photos, Add category