Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Herb-Roasted_Turkey_with_Maple_Gravy


 
 Description : 
 This colorful recipe has golden secrets: turkey, sage, thyme, parsley, and maple syrup. A red-hot alternative to the roast turkey - you can cook this with other spices the hard way, as it adds some brown zest to the poultry and herbs.
 
 Ingredients : 
 18 lbs.  turkey 
 1 head  garlic , halved horizontally 
 1 medium  onion , quartered, red, white, or yellow only 
 20  sage  sprigs 
 20 fresh  thyme  sprigs 
 20  parsley  sprigs 
 2 tablespoons  salt 
 3 tablespoons freshly ground  black pepper 
 3 cups rich  turkey  stock 
 3 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 3 tablespoons  all-purpose flour 
 3 tablespoons  maple syrup 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350° C. Rinse the  turkey  inside and out with and pat dry. Trim the neck skin. Stuff the  turkey  with the  garlic ,  onion  and  sage ,  thyme , and  parsley  sprigs. Season the inside and the outside with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Transfer the  turkey  to a large, lightly oiled roasting pan and roast it for about 3 hours, or until an instant-read thermometer inserted in a thigh registers 175° C. 
 Cover the  turkey  with foil if the skin begins to look very brown. Transfer the  turkey  to a cutting board and let rest for 30 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, pour the pan juices into a heatproof bowl and skim off the fat. 
 Set the roasting pan over 2 burners on high heat until sizzling. 
 Add 1 cup of the rich  turkey  stock and bring to a boil, scraping up any browned bits stuck to the bottom and side of the pan. 
 Add to the pan juices in the bowl. In a medium saucepan, melt the  butter . Add the  flour  and cook over moderately high heat for 1 minute. 
 Add the pan juices and remaining 2 cups of  turkey  stock to the saucepan and cook while whisking, until the gravy is thickened and no floury taste remains, about 5 minutes. 
 Stir with the  maple syrup  and season with  salt  and  pepper . Strain the gravy into a gravy boat. Carve the  turkey  and serve with the gravy. 
 
 
 
Categories: Californian Recipes, Maple syrup Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sage Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, World Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Poultry Recipes, Turkey recipes, Lunch Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Herb Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, American Recipes, Roasted Recipes, Add category