Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ratatouille_Terrine

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 medium  Eggplants  (2 1/2 lbs.), cut lengthwise into 1/2-inch-thick slices 
 1/3 cup  olive oil 
 1/4 cup jarred tapenade (black olive paste) 
 3 medium red  bell peppers , roasted and cut lengthwise into 3 sections 
 7 oz. soft, mild goat  Cheese , sliced thin 
 Fresh Herb Sauce 
 1/4 cup chopped fresh  basil 
 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf  parsley 
 1 small clove  garlic , sliced 
 4 tsp.  balsamic vinegar 
 6 Tbs.  olive oil 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat broiler. Arrange  Eggplant  slices in single layer on baking sheets; brush both sides of  Eggplant  with  oil  and sprinkle with  salt  to taste. Broil  Eggplant  in batches until golden and tender, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer  Eggplant  to paper towels to drain.
 2. Line an 8 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving a 3-inch overhang. Layer  Eggplant , olive paste,  bell peppers  and  Cheese  in pan, beginning and ending with  Eggplant . Cover with plastic overhang and place 3- to 4-lb. weight (such as another loaf pan filled with canned goods) on top. Chill 24 hours.
 3. Make sauce: In food processor or blender, combine  basil ,  parsley ,  garlic ,  vinegar ,  oil , 2 tablespoons  water  and  salt  and  pepper  to taste. Process until smooth.
 4. To serve, remove weight, invert terrine onto cutting board, and discard plastic wrap. Cut terrine into 3/4-inch-thick slices. Pour a little  basil  sauce onto serving plates, tilting to spread sauce. Arrange terrine slices on sauce.
 
 TIP: To roast  peppers , place under broiler, turning every 5 minutes until skins blister and  Char , 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer  peppers  to paper bag, close and let steam until cool enough to handle. Use a small sharp knife to peel off charred skin; discard seeds and ribs. 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Basil Recipes, Char Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category