Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mixed_Greens_with_Potato_Croutons_and_Tarragon_Dressing

Ingredients : 
 9 cups gourmet or mixed  salad greens  (such as  romaine ,  arugula ,  watercress ,  mâche ) 
 3 teaspoons  goat cheese 
 Potato croutons : 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 ⅓ cup very thinly sliced  red bell pepper 
 1 small  white onion , very thinly sliced 
 1 tablespoon  balsamic vinegar 
 ½ teaspoon crushed  fennel seeds 
 ½ teaspoon  seasoned salt 
 dash  ground red pepper 
 1 pound  yellow Finn  or  Idaho potatoes , scrubbed 
 Tarragon dressing : 
 ½ cup  raspberry vinegar 
 2 tablespoons minced  shallot 
 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed  lemon juice 
 ½ cup  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  tarragon 
 1 teaspoon  honey 
 Directions : 
 First start with the croutons, preheat the oven to 400°F. 
 Rub 2 cookie sheets with 2 tablespoons of the  olive oil . 
 Mix the red pepper,  onion ,  vinegar , remaining  olive oil ,  fennel seeds ,  salt  and  ground red pepper  together in a medium bowl. 
 Slice the  potatoes  very thin by hand, or with an adjustable blade slicer, if you have one, and add them to the red pepper,  onion ,  fennel  mixture. 
 Toss well to incorporate all the flavors of the seasonings,  onions  and  peppers . 
 Spread the mixture of red pepper,  onion ,  fennel  and  potato  onto the cookie sheets and bake for 15 minutes. 
 Turn them over and bake 5 to 15 minutes more, until the  potatoes  become crisp and the edges are browned. 
 Whisk the dressing ingredients in a medium bowl until the honey is dissolved and everything is thoroughly mixed. 
 Pour ⅓ cup of the dressing over the greens and toss thoroughly. 
 Arrange on 6 salad plates, and then crumble ½ teaspoon goat  cheese  over each salad. 
 Garnish with equal portions of the baked  potato  crouton, red pepper,  onion  medley. 
 Pour the remainder of the dressing into a small bowl and pass at the table. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arugula Recipes, Goat cheese Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Raspberry vinegar Recipes, Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Yellow potato Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Tarragon Recipes, Romaine lettuce Recipes, Watercress Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Onion Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Mâche Recipes, Add category