Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Food_for_people_with_hypertension

      Black fungus mushrooms have shown the ability to lower cholesterol.     
 Diseases of the heart and blood vessels  are the number one cause of death in the United States. People with hypertension, or high blood pressure, are more likely to develop these diseases. Therefore, it is important to try to lower elevated blood pressure.
 Hypertension cannot be cured in most cases. It can be successfully managed with lifestyle changes and/or medication. Reducing the amount of sodium in the diet can help bring blood pressure levels down. With proper food selection, a diet for high blood pressure can be varied and adequate in all nutrients, including vitamins and minerals.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   The role of sodium 
 2   US government action on food products 
 3   Considerations 
 4   Sample menu 
 
 4.1   Breakfast 
 4.2   Lunch 
 4.3   Dinner 
 
 
 5   Food choice 
 
 
 The role of sodium : 
 Sodium, of course, is essential for good health. While American adults average 4,000 to 6,000 milligrams daily, the recommended daily limit for the general public is only 2,400 milligrams. Someone with high blood pressure should consult a doctor to see how much sodium should be consumed daily. As a guide, however, 2,000 to 3,000 milligrams (2 to 3 grams) is enough.
 A common dietary source of sodium is salt. Sodium is one of two minerals that make up salt (the other is chloride). One teaspoon of salt contains a whopping 2,300 milligrams of sodium&emdash;an entire day's supply! But sodium is also "hidden" in the diet in other foods, mainly processed and packaged foods.
 
 US government action on food products : 
 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has developed these definitions that appear on food packages to assist consumers watching their sodium intake:
 
 low sodium  means the food has 140 milligrams or less of sodium per serving 
 very low sodium  means the food has 35 milligrams or less of sodium per serving 
 salt-free  means the food has 5 milligrams or less of sodium per serving 
 light in sodium  means the food has at least 50% less sodium than the original version of the food 
 reduced sodium  means the food has at least 25% less sodium than the original version of the product 
 Considerations : 
 Read food labels.  Most sodium in the American diet comes from processed foods. Check the nutrition facts label for sodium content. Select foods labeled low-sodium, very low sodium, or salt-free, and watch out for ingredients that indicate high sodium content. Here's a clue: any ingredient with the word sodium in it, such as disodium phosphate, monosodium glutamate (MSG), sodium benzoate, sodium hydroxide, sodium nitrite, sodium proprionate, and sodium sulfate, means that the food likely has a high sodium content. Baked goods made with baking powder or baking soda may also be high in sodium. 
 Limit consumption of high-sodium processed foods.  These include cured and smoked meats, and some pre-packaged, frozen and canned foods, most soups, and condiments. 
 Remove the salt shaker from the table and make meals tasty and flavorful with herbs and spices.  While cooking, experiment with fresh and dried herbs, such as onions, garlic, basil, oregano, parsley, thyme, rosemary, black and red pepper, and onion and garlic powders. These all add flavor without adding sodium. 
 Beware of salt substitutes.  Not all salt substitutes are sodium-free. Some contain sodium, but in a lesser amount than regular table salt. Read the labels, and if you take medication for your blood pressure, consult your doctor before using a salt substitute. 
 Maintain a healthy body weight and exercise regularly.  Maintaining a  healthy body weight and exercising are both very important in controlling blood pressure. If you are overweight, just a modest weight loss can significantly improve high blood pressure. Regular exercise (with a physician's approval) is important in helping you lose weight and maintain weight loss. This helps keep blood pressure down. 
 Limit consumption of alcohol.  In many people, drinking excessive alcohol raises blood pressure. It is recommended that people with high blood pressure limit alcohol consumption to no more than one ounce per day. That's about the amount in two ounces of 100-proof whiskey, one eight-ounce glass of wine, or two 12-ounce cans of beer. 
 Eat adequate amounts of potassium-rich foods.  Potassium, another mineral essential to good health, works in concert with sodium to regulate blood pressure. Studies have shown that people who consume more potassium have lower blood pressures than those who consume less. Rich sources of potassium include many fruits, such as cantaloupe, bananas, watermelon, oranges and orange juice, as well as potatoes, spinach, and zucchini. (Important note: if taking medication for high blood pressure, such as diuretics, consult a doctor before using salt substitutes that contain high amounts of potassium. 
 Sample menu : 
 Breakfast : 
 ½ cup of salty juice 
 1 cup of  oatmeal 
 1 cup of  skim milk 
 2 slices of whole-wheat  toast 
 1 tablespoon of low sodium  margarine 
 1 tablespoon of  sugar 
 1 medium [[banana 
 Lunch : 
 1½ cups of  spaghetti  with low sodium  marinara sauce 
 1 cup of green salad 
 2 table spoon of low sodium  dressing 
 1 tablespoon of low sodium  margarine 
 1 medium sized  apple 
 1 cup of grape  juice 
 Dinner : 
 2 oz. of grilled  chicken breast 
 ½ cup of grilled  zucchini 
 ½ cup of  pasta  salad made with low sodium  dressing 
 1 whole wheat  roll 
 1 tablespoon of low sodium  margarine 
 ½ cup of  peach  cobbler 
 ½ cup of  skim milk 
 ½ cup of  cranberry juice 
 Food choice : 
 
 
 Group
 
 Recommended
 
 Avoid
 
 
 Milk and milk products
 
 Milk, low-sodium cheeses, yogurt. Note: choose low-fat varieties of milk, yogurt, and cheese.
 
 Regular cheeses and regular cottage cheese.
 
 
 Vegetables
 
 Fresh, vegetables, frozen vegetables without sauce, low-sodium tomato juice, low-sodium vegetable juices, low-sodium canned vegetables.
 
 Canned vegetables, frozen vegetables in sauce.
 
 
 Fruits
 
 Fresh, frozen and canned fruits and fruit juices.
 
 None.
 
 
 Breads and grains
 
 Whole grain or enriched breads, low-sodium pretzels, breadsticks, low-sodium popcorn, and crackers.
 
 Potato chips, corn chips, tortilla chips, and pastries.
 
 
 Meat and meat substitutes
 
 Fresh or frozen lean meats, poultry, fish, shellfish, unsalted lean pork, water-packed tuna, canned salmon without added salt, unsalted nuts and seeds, low-sodium peanut butter, dried peas, beans, and lentils.
 
 Cured meats, processed meats, cold cuts, smoked meats, hot dogs, sausage, bacon, and Canadian bacon.
 
 
 Miscellaneous
 
 Low-sodium broth, pepper, spices, vinegar, lemon juice, low-sodium ketchup, low-sodium mustard, low-sodium pickles, hot pepper sauce, garlic and onion powders, and low-sodium salsa.
 
 Garlic salt, onion salt, regular ketchup and mustard, and pickles.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/33/Cloud_ears.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20100907221556']
Categories: Hypertension, Articles, Add category