Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemon_Rice_with_Zucchini,_Roasted_Peppers_and_Feta_Cheese

Description : 
 Lemon Rice with Zucchini, Roasted Peppers and Feta Cheese  from the  Public Health Cookbook  by the Seattle & King County Department of Public Health—original source of recipe, public domain government resource
 
 Serves : 4 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1  onion , sliced 
 3  garlic  cloves, crushed 
 1 small  lemon , peeled and sliced 
 1 cup  long-grain rice 
 2 cups low-sodium  vegetable broth 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  rosemary 
 1 large  zucchini , sliced 
 2  red bell peppers 
 1  yellow bell pepper 
 4 oz  feta  cheese 
 Directions : 
 In a medium saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium-high heat. 
 Add the onion and sauté for 3 minutes. 
 Add the garlic and lemon and sauté for 2 minutes. 
 Add the rice, vegetable stock, rosemary and bring to a boil then reduce heat to medium. 
 Partially cover the saucepan and let simmer for 15 – 20 minutes until broth is completely absorbed and rice is just tender. 
 Add more broth or water if mixture becomes too dry. 
 Roast the peppers:
 Cut peppers into quarters and remove stem, seeds, and membranes. 
 Line a baking sheet with foil. 
 Place peppers down on foil, skin side up and press each segment to lie flat on sheet. 
 Bake in an oven at 425°F for 20 minutes or until skin is blackened and blistered. 
 Remove peppers from oven and place in a paper bag. 
 Close bag and let cool for 10 minutes. 
 Remove and discard skins then slice each pepper. 
 In a large frying pan, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of the olive oil on medium-high heat, then add the zucchini and cook for about 5 minutes until the zucchini begins to soften then reduce heat to medium. 
 Add the peppers, rice and feta cheese to the frying pan then gently fold ingredients together. 
 Cook for an additional minute until heated through then serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Feta Recipes, Greek Vegetarian, Long-grain rice Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Yellow bell pepper Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Add category