Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bouillabaise

Description : 
 Fish soup. 
 
 Serves 6 
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs 4 oz fish (4 or 5 varieties such as: stripped black bass,  red snapper , ocean  perch , monkfish / anglerfish and  conger eel ) 
 4 large  onions , sliced 
 6 – 8 ripe  tomatoes , sliced 
 1  leek , thinly sliced 
 8 cloves  garlic , crushed 
 coarse salt  and ground  black pepper 
 crushed red pepper  flakes 
 3 – 4 dried  fennel  stalks or a small glass of  Pernod  or  Pastis 
 2  bay leaves 
 ½ teaspoon  saffron 
 olive oil 
 1  potato  for each serving 
 1 strip dried  orange peel 
 6 – 8 ripe  tomatoes ,sliced 
 water  or  fish stock 
 garlic  croutons 
 rouille sauce 
 Directions : 
 Combine the sliced  onions ,  tomatoes ,  leek  and crushed  garlic  in a shallow heat-proof casserole. 
 Place the sliced fish on top. 
 Pound the leftover fish heads and add to the casserole to give the bouillon extra flavor. 
 Sprinkle with  coarse salt ,  red pepper flakes  and ground  pepper  to taste. 
 Add  bay leaves , dried  fennel , dried  orange peel  and  saffron  and moisten with  olive oil . 
 Stir to mix the flavors, adding more  olive oil  if necessary. 
 Marinate this mixture covered and at room temperature for 5 hours. 
 When ready to cook the bouillaibaise, peel the  potatoes , slice them into ¼-inch slices and add them to the fish mixture with just enough  water , or  fish stock , to come within ½-inch of the top of the fish and  potatoes . 
 Cook the bouillabaise uncovered for 10 minutes, lower the heat and cook gently for 15 – 20 minutes more. 
 Serve the bouillon separately with  garlic  croutons and  rouille sauce . 
 Accompany the bouillon with a platter of poached fish and sliced  potatoes , moistened with a little of the bouillon. 
 
 
 
Categories: Conger eel Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Fish stock and broth Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Leek Recipes, Monkfish Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Panamanian Soups, Perch Recipes, Pernod Recipes, Add category