Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegetarian_Reuben_Sandwich

Ingredients : 
 Sauerkraut : 
 1 tablespoon extra-virgin  olive oil 
 1 small  onion , thinly sliced 
 1 clove  garlic , thinly sliced 
 1 pound bag  sauerkraut , drained and rinsed 
 1 sweet  apple , peeled, and grated 
 generous pinch  allspice 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 Russian dressing : 
 ¼ cup  mayonnaise 
 1 tablespoon  chili sauce  or  ketchup 
 dash  hot sauce 
 1 tablespoon minced fresh  chives  and/or fresh dill 
 2 teaspoons  capers , chopped 
 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed  lemon juice 
 Sandwiches : 
 1 tablespoon extra-virgin  olive oil , optional 
 12 slices  tempeh  "bacon", optional 
 1 to 2 tablespoons  unsalted butter , room temperature 
 8 slices  rye bread 
 12 slices  dill pickle 
 2 cups grated  Swiss cheese  (8 ounces) 
 kosher salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Sauerkraut : 
 Heat the  olive oil  in a medium saucepan over medium heat. 
 Add the  onion  and  garlic  and cook until golden brown, about 15 minutes. 
 Add the  sauerkraut ,  apple , and  allspice , season with  salt  and a generous grinding of  pepper . 
 Cook until  sauerkraut  is tender, lightly browned and all the liquid has evaporated, about 15 minutes more. 
 Russian dressing : 
 Mix all the dressing ingredients together, cover and refrigerate until ready to use. 
 Sandwiches : 
 Preheat broiler to low. 
 If using the  tempeh : heat the  vegetable oil  in a large skillet over medium-high heat, and cook the  tempeh , in batches as needed, until crispy golden brown, about 3 minutes. 
 Transfer to paper towels. 
 Spread some  butter  on 1 side of each slice of bread. 
 Place 4 pieces, buttered side down, on a foil-lined baking sheet. 
 Spread some of the Russian dressing on the sides facing up. 
 Evenly lay the pickles,  tempeh  if using,  sauerkraut , and then  cheese  on top. 
 Place the open faced sandwiched under the broiler and cook until the  cheese  melts, about 2 minutes. 
 Remove the baking sheet from the broiler. 
 Spread the rest of the dressing on the uncovered side of the 4 remaining bread slices, place on top melted  cheese , buttered side up to finish the sandwiches. 
 Return to the broiler and toast sandwich, turning once so both sides get nice and golden brown, about 2 minutes total, serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Sandwich Recipes, Tempeh Recipes, Swiss cheese Recipes, Rye bread Recipes, Onion Recipes, Caper Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Chives Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Pickle Recipes, Sauerkraut Recipes, Add category