Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish_Pies

Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 3 cups of  wheat flour 
 3  eggs , lightly beaten 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 warm  water 
 1 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 Stuffing : 
 2 – 3 tbsp of  vegetable oil 
 1 – 2 lbs fish ( mackerel ,  mullet ,  tuna  or  grouper ) filleted, skin and bones removed 
 1  onion , finely chopped (optional) 
 1  carrot , finely chopped (optional) 
 1 clove of  garlic , minced (optional) 
 1 bunch of  parsley , chopped (optional) 
 2 tbsp  tomato  paste 
 salt ,  black pepper ,  cayenne pepper  or red pepper (to taste) 
 Sauce : 
 2  tomatoes , peeled and chopped 
 1  sweet green pepper , finely chopped 
 1  onion , finely chopped 
 1 cup  vegetable oil 
 1 clove of  garlic , minced (or  garlic powder ) 
 1 bunch chopped  parsley , chopped 
 1  chili pepper , cleaned and finely chopped 
 2 tbsp  tomato paste 
 2 cups  water 
 salt ,  black pepper ,  cayenne pepper  or red pepper (to taste) 
 Directions : 
 Mix all the dough ingredients at room temperature. In a large mixing bowl combine the  flour ,  eggs  or  yeast , and  salt . Slowly mix in the  water  for thick dough. Knead for a few minutes. Cover with a clean cloth and set aside in a warm place to rest. If  yeast  is used, instead of  eggs  the dough should rest for at least an hour or two. 
 While the dough is resting: Heat  oil  in a skillet. Fry the fish and vegetables ingredients for stuffing. Reduce heat. Add  tomato  paste and enough  water  to keep the mixture moist, cover, and simmer for half an hour. Adjust seasoning. Chop fish into small pieces. 
 Heat  oil  in a separate pot; fry the vegetable ingredients for sauce. Reduce heat. Add  tomato  paste and  water , cover, and simmer. Adjust seasoning. 
 Roll the dough into a sheet about a quarter of an inch (0.6 centimeter) thick. Cut the dough into pieces, each about the size of your hand. Cut the edges to form neat squares. Place a spoonful of the stuffing mixture in the center of each piece of dough, fold the dough over the stuffing, and crimp the edges together. 
 Deep fry the pies in hot  oil , until they are golden brown, turning them at least once. Fry only a few at a time, not letting them touch each other while frying. When each batch is done, place the pastels on a paper towel, and place in a warm oven until all are done. 
 Garnish with a little  parsley . Serve with a bowl filled with the warm dipping sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Savory pie Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Congolese Appetizers, Congolese Meat Dishes, Tomato Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Grouper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Mullet Recipes, Tuna Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category