Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Christmas_Cake

Description : 
 Makes 15 lbs of fruit cake. 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lbs  blanched almonds 
 3 lbs seedless  raisins 
 2 lbs  currants 
 1 lbs  candied cherries  cut in half 
 1 lbs dried  figs , chopped 
 1 lbs  dates , cut up 
 1½ lbs chopped mixed candied peel 
 1 lbs  candied pineapple , cut up 
 1 cup  all-purpose flour 
 3 cup soft  butter 
 3 cup  brown sugar , packed 
 12 large  egg yolks 
 5½ cup sifted  all-purpose flour 
 1 tsp  salt 
 2 tsp  cinnamon 
 2 tsp  mace 
 2 tsp  allspice 
 2 tsp  nutmeg 
 1 tsp  cloves 
 3 tsp  baking soda 
 ¾ cup  prune juice 
 ¼ cup  brandy 
 12 large  egg whites 
 Directions : 
 This recipe makes a very large amount (about 28 cups) of fruit cake batter and can be baked in a number of different sizes of pan. 
 If you want to make several small cakes for gifts you can divide the batter among 9 8x4x3 inch loaf pans using a generous 3 cups of batter for each. 
 Or if you wish to use larger loaf pans you can put the batter in 6 9x5x3 inch pans using a generous 4 ½ cups batter in each. 
 Bundt pans make attractive cakes and this amount of batter is enough for 3 12 cup bundt pans using a generous 9 cups of batter in each. 
 If you use 10-inch tube pans you can make 2 cakes using 12 cups of batter for each and an 8x4x2 ½ inch loaf pan with the remaining batter. 
 Of course you can also use any combination of these sizes. 
 For example, you can make a large cake in a bundt pan, two 9x5x3-in loaves and three 8x4x3-inch loaves. 
 If you wish you can prepare half the batter and bake it in three 9x5x3-inch loaf pans or in one 12-cup bundt pan and one 9x5x3-inch loaf pan. 
 Line greased pans with greased heavy brown paper, except for the bundt pan which should be greased and floured. 
 Combine  nuts  and fruit in a very large bowl or roasting pan. 
 Add 1 cup of  flour  and toss by hand to coat fruit with  flour . 
 Cream  butter  well (you can use your electric mixer for this part of the recipe). 
 Add  Sugar  and beat until fluffy. 
 Beat in  egg yolks . 
 Transfer mixture to a large bowl. 
 Sift 5½ cups  flour  with  salt , spices and soda and add to creamed mixture alternately with  prune juice  and  brandy . 
 Mix with a wooden spoon. 
 Add this mixture to the fruit and  nuts  and blend well.the easiest way to blend this large amount of mixture is with your hands. 
 Beat  egg whites  until stiff and fold into mixture. 
 Measure into prapared pans and press well into the corners. 
 Heat oven to 275 °F. 
 Bake cakes in 8x4x3-inch pans for about 3 hours, in 9x5x3-inch pans or bundt pans for about 3 hours and 15 minutes and in 10-inch tube pans about 3 ½ hours or until a toothpick stuck in the center comes out clean. 
 Let stand in pans a few minutes, then turn out on racks and cool. 
 Strip off paper and wrap cakes in cheesecloth dampened with  brandy  and then in foil and store in a cool place. 
 
 
 
Categories: Allspice Recipes, Almond Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Cake Recipes, Candied pineapple Recipes, Christmas fruitcake Recipes, Clove Recipes, Currant Recipes, Dates Recipes, Add category