Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tamayya


 
 Description : 
 Green hamburgers, are healthy vegetable patties packed with fresh greens and  dried beans . The Tamaaya, is stuffed into pockets of bread along with salad, foul (dried fava beans), fried  eggplant ,  potatoes , tahina salad or just by itself. This sandwich may be eaten for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Bought at the Tamaaya stand, it is wrapped in paper and eaten as one walks down the street.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups broken  beans  (foul madshoosh, dried  fava beans ) 
 ½ cup finely chopped  parsley 
 ¼ cup finely chopped  coriander 
 ¼ cup finely chopped  dill 
 1 cup finely chopped  green onions 
 ½ cup finely chopped  onion  (1 small  onion ) 
 2 tb finely chopped  garlic 
 1½ - 2 tsp  salt , or to taste 
 ½ tsp  pepper , or to taste 
 1 tsp dry  coriander powder 
 chili powder  (optional) 
 sesame seeds 
 oil  for frying 
 Directions : 
 Place the  beans  in a large bowl of  water  and rinse several times until the  water  is clear. 
 Fill the bowl with at least 6 cups of  water , cover and allow them to soak for 2 to 3 days. 
 Wash the greens and dry well, this makes them easier to chop. 
 Remove the tough parts of the stem and then finely chop the leaves and the remaining delicate stems. 
 Measure the greens after they are chopped, but do not pack them down into the cup. 
 Wash the  green onions  and chop both the white  onion  part and the green stem. 
 Chop the  onion  and  garlic . 
 Drain the  beans  and grind very fine. 
 If you are grinding the  beans  in a food processor, turn the machine on empty and slowly drop through the tube onto the moving blade. 
 Place the  beans  in a bowl and set aside. 
 Add the greens,  onions  and  garlic  to the processor, blend well. 
 Add the mashed  beans  to the processor and process until the mixture looks green. 
 Transfer the mixture to a bowl, add the spices, mix everything until well blended. 
 Cover the bowl and let sit for at least 30 minutes. 
 The longer the better so the flavors blend. 
 If you do not cook all the batter, cover and store in the refrigerator. 
 Heat a medium saute pan, when hot add ½ inch of  oil  and heat until it is hot, lower the heat slightly. 
 To shape the patties, take a large soup spoon and fill the bowl of the spoon with some of the batter, pressing it firmly into the spoon. 
 Sprinkle the top with  sesame seeds  and then push it off the spoon into the hot  oil . 
 Fry for 2 to 3 minutes or until it has turned brown. 
 Turn the patties over and cook again 2 to 3 minutes or until brown. 
 Remove from the  oil  to a paper towel to drain. 
 Don't let the  oil  get too hot or the crust will get too crisp or if the  oil  cools down too much, the patties will soak up too much  oil . 
 
 
 
Categories: South African Snacks, Fava bean Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Potato Recipes, Dill Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category