Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Escabeche_I

Description : 
 Pickled king fish
 
 Ingredients : 
 3 to 4 pounds of  kingfish  cleaned and sliced about 1 inch thick 
 2 to 2½ pounds of  Spanish   or   Bermuda onions  peeled and thinly sliced 
 the juice of 2  limes 
 seasoned  flour  for dredging 
 2 cups of  olive oil 
 1 cup of  vinegar 
 4  bay leaves 
 12  peppercorns 
 1 teaspoon of  salt 
 3 to 4 tablespoons of crushed  garlic . (note: this is optional and can be added to the  onion  mixture during the cooking cycle or after this is up to you) 
 Directions : 
 In a large heavy pot, place  oil ,  vinegar ,  salt ,  pepper   corns  and bring to a simmer. 
 Add  onions  and allow to simmer slowly for about one hour. 
 While the  onions  are simmering rinse fish under cold  water  and place on a cutting board. 
 Pat the pieces of fish dry with a paper towel and then rub all sides with the  lime juice . 
 Dredge fish in the seasoned  flour  make sure that it is completely covered with the  flour  coating and set aside. 
 Once you have floured all of the fish place it in the refrigerator for at least a half hour. 
 Place about one quarter cup of  oil  in a heavy skillet and bring up to heat. 
 Once the  oil  comes up to heat place a few pieces of fish in it and fry until golden brown on all sides. 
 You may have to adjust the heat so as not to burn the fish. 
 Place a layer of the  onion  and  oil  mixture in to a large container that has a tight lid, preferably glass. 
 Place a layer of the fried fish into the container, now add another layer of the  onion  and  oil  mixture. 
 Continue this process until you have added all of the fish. 
 Make sure that you have enough of the  onion  and  oil  mixture to completely cover the last layer of fish. 
 Place in the refrigerator for at least three days turning the fish from bottom to top at least twice a day. 
 Be careful not to break the pieces of fish when turning. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Seafish Recipes, Bermuda onion Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Vinegar Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category