Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ancho_Chile_Devil%27s_Food_Cake


 
 Ingredients : 
 1¼ cups  cake flour 
 ½ cup  unsweetened cocoa powder 
 3 tablespoons pure ancho  chile powder 
 ⅛ teaspoon  cayenne 
 1 teaspoon  baking soda 
 ¼ teaspoon  baking powder 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 10 tablespoons  unsalted butter  (at room temperature) 
 1½ cups  granulated sugar 
 3 large  eggs  (at room temperature) 
 1 teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 ½ cup  buttermilk  (at room temperature) 
 ½ cup hot  coffee 
 Ganache : 
 6 ounces  semisweet chocolate , coarsely chopped 
 ¾ cup  heavy cream 
 Directions : 
 Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 °F. 
 Lightly grease two (9-inch) cake pans and line them with circles of parchment paper or greased wax paper. 
 Sift  flour ,  cocoa , ancho  chile powder ,  cayenne ,  baking soda ,  baking powder  and  salt  onto a sheet of wax paper. 
 Sift 2 more times to mix and aerate. 
 Put  butter  and  sugar  in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat at high speed for 30 seconds, or until well combined and smooth. 
 Add  eggs , one at a time, beating until each is incorporated. 
 Continue beating, scraping down the sides of the bowl if necessary, until light and fluffy, about 5 more minutes. 
 With the mixer on a low setting, or using a rubber spatula, beat or fold in one-third of the  flour  mixture. 
 Beat or fold in  vanilla extract , half of the  buttermilk  and half of the  coffee , then another one-third of the  flour  mixture. 
 Beat or fold in the remaining  buttermilk  and  coffee , then the remaining  flour  mixture. 
 Spread batter evenly in prepared pans. 
 Bake for 30 minutes or until the centers spring back when lightly pressed. 
 Cool the cake layers in the pans on a wire rack. 
 Invert each cake onto a plate. 
 Trim the tops flat with a serrated knife. 
 Spread one-third of the ganache over one layer. 
 Flip the other layer on top, and frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining ganache. 
 Put  chocolate  in a small bowl. 
 In a small saucepan, bring  cream  to a scald over medium heat. 
 Pour the hot  cream  over the  chocolate . 
 Working from the center out, gently stir to melt and blend until smooth. 
 Let the ganache sit until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. 
 It should be spreadable, but still pourable. 
 If the ganache doesn't have a smooth patina, blend in a few drops of cold  heavy cream . 
 A matte finish will dry to a mirror shine. 
 
 
 
Categories: Buttermilk Recipes, Cake Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red chile powder Recipes, Add category