Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bint_al_Sahn

Honey cake. The traditional way of eating this is to break off pieces with the fingertips and dip into  butter  and honey that remains on the serving platter. It may also be served by cutting it into wedges and spooning  butter  and honey remaining on the serving platter over top.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 packet  dry active yeast 
 ¼ cup warm  water 
 3 cups  flour 
 1 tsp  salt 
 4 large  eggs , beaten well 
 ¾ cups  ghee 
 melted  ghee  or  butter , for serving 
 warm  honey , for serving 
 Directions : 
 Dissolve  yeast  in the warm  water . 
 Into a large mixing bowl sift the  flour  and  salt . 
 Make a well in center of the  flour  mixture. 
 Pour beaten  eggs  and the  yeast  mixture into the well in center of the  flour  mixture. 
 Stir to blend and then kneed well. 
 Slowly mix in the ¼ cup warm melted  ghee , continuously kneed dough throughout this process. 
 Continue kneading until dough is smooth and elastic. 
 If dough seems to dry add a small amount of  water  at a time. 
 flour  your hands and dive the dough into 16 balls about the size of a large  egg . 
 On a lightly floured board place a dough ball and form into a very thin round shape, using the heel of your hand. 
 A rolling pin may be used. 
 Brush a baking sheet with  ghee . 
 Place the completed round on the baking tray and brush well with melted  ghee . 
 Shape 7 more rounds. 
 After completing each round place on top of the previous round, press the edges with fingertips and brush well with  ghee . 
 Repeat this process with the other 8 rounds. 
 You will have 2 stacks on the baking sheet, be sure to brush the last round with the  ghee . 
 Let rest in a warm place for 45 minutes. 
 Bake in a 350°F oven for 25 – 30 minutes until light golden brown. 
 If you tap the base of the tray there should be a hollow sound to indicate the cakes are done. 
 Best way to eat: serve hot with generous amounts of melted  butter  and warm honey on top. 
 
 
 
Categories: Yemeni Desserts, Cake Recipes, Honey Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category