Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pressure_Cooker_Pork_and_Beans

Pressure Cooker Pork and Beans 
 
 
 
 
2 1/2 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces Essence, recipe follows 1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil 1 large yellow onion, sliced 6 cups chicken stock or water 2 cups dried white beans, such as Great Northern or Navy, picked over for stones or impurities 1/2 pound salt pork, cut into pieces 1 1/2 cups chopped, seeded tomatoes and their juices 2 teaspoons minced garlic 1/2 cup packed light brown sugar 2 tablespoons Creole mustard 2 teaspoons chili powder 1 bay leaf 1 sprig fresh thyme 1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper 1 teaspoon salt 
 Season the pork pieces with Essence on all sides. In the pressure cooker, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the pork, in batches if necessary, and cook until just browned, about 2 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and set aside. 
Add the onions and saute until just tender, about 2 minutes. Add the stock and beans and stir well, scraping up any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. If the brown bits are not released from the bottom of the pan, they could stick and burn and impart a burnt flavor to the final dish. 
Place the lid on the pressure and lock into place. Bring the pressure cooker to high pressure. Lower the heat just enough to maintain high pressure and cook for 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow to come to normal pressure naturally - this could take up to 10 minutes. Once the pressure is completely released, remove the lid, tilting away from you, to allow excess steam to escape. 
 Add the salt pork, tomatoes, garlic, light brown sugar, mustard, chili powder, bay leaf, thyme, black pepper, and reserved pork and cover. Lock the lid into place and bring the pressure cooker to high pressure. Lower the heat just enough to maintain high pressure and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to come to normal pressure naturally - this could take up to 10 minutes. Once the pressure is completely released, remove the lid, tilting away from you, to allow excess steam to escape. 
Bring to a simmer and season with salt and pepper. If the meat or beans are not tender enough, either cover and simmer for 15 more minutes, or lock the lid, bring back to high pressure and cook over high pressure for another 2 to 3 minutes. Discard the bay leaf and thyme sprig, and serve. 
 
Essence (Emeril's Creole Seasoning): 2 1/2 tablespoons paprika 2 tablespoons salt 2 tablespoons garlic powder 1 tablespoon black pepper 1 tablespoon onion powder 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper 1 tablespoon dried leaf oregano 1 tablespoon dried thyme 
 Combine all ingredients thoroughly and store in an airtight jar or container. 
Yield: about 2/3 cup 
 www.MyMonavie.com/Love Get Healthy....Become Wealthy!
 
 
 
 Contributed by: : 
 PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Pressure cooker Recipes, Add category