Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baahd_Bikkies

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   Holistic Pets Med Community 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/4 pounds meaty  Lamb  shank chops, or 1 1/4 pounds of meaty  Lamb  shoulder chops, or 2 medium short-end  Lamb  shanks (makes Fantastic gravy) -- or any meaty scrag ends of mutton with some bone for flavour. (Yield should be approx. 3/4 to 1 pound of meat, after deboning). 
 Goat would make a good substitute. 
 Duck  legs/thighs/necks do make an extra-special treat. 
 
 900 grams (1 pound)  potato flour  (found at health food stores or organic/health section of supermarkets like Loblaws and Dominion in Canada, or Shaw's or Hannaford here in New England). 
 
 3 large cloves of fresh  garlic  (grated or chopped). 
 
 1 teaspoon of  rosemary  leaves (fresh or dried). 
 
 1 cup loosely packed with finely-chopped, fresh  parsley  (remove stems). 
 
 3 large organic or free-range  eggs . (If your dog has an  egg  allergy, just leave out  eggs , but up  Lamb  portion by 1/4 pound, plus up the simmering spring gravy  water  by 1/4 cup ). 
 
 1 tablespoon extra-virgin  olive oil . 
 
 1 and 1/2 cups of spring  water  for simmering. 
 
 Extra Spring  water  for making dough. 
 Directions : 
 On stove-top, using a heavy-bottomed saucepan that has a tight-fitting lid, lightly brown  Lamb  chops or shanks in the  olive oil  with chopped  garlic  plus  rosemary .
 
 Add 1 and 1/2 cups of spring  water , bring to boil, then turn down heat to Low/Low- Med. Fit pot-lid on tightly.
 
 Simmer for an hour or more until  Lamb  meat parts easily from the bone.
 
 Save all  Lamb /garlicky/ rosemary  gravy from pot—allowing it to cool to room temp.
 
 Meanwhile, remove all meat from  Lamb  bones (poke out any marrow from  Lamb  shank bones—add to yummy gravy). Discard cooked bones' do not feed to dogs.
 
 Chop up  Lamb  meat finely. (Food-processor savvies can prepare most of this in the food mixer—I
 prefer a bowl and wooden spoon. :-0 )
 
 In a large bowl, add 'n mix chopped  parsley  to  potato flour , saving a wee bit of  flour  for rolling-out bikkies.
 
 Then add 'n mix finely chopped, de-boned  Lamb  meat.
 
 Whisk up  eggs  -- then add to mixture.
 
 Next, add cooled  Lamb  gravy.
 
 Mix up everything well—gradually adding extra spring  water  --(Carefully)-- until you have a thick-not-mushy, pliable, workable cookie dough.
 
 On a potato-floured board, roll out dough, into desired thickness. With cookie cutters or knife, cut into desired shapes and sizes, pricking each with a fork (or make small thumb imprint balls ).
 
 Place on non-stick cookie sheets in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F.
 
 Bake until golden brown and crispy. Baking time will vary according to oven styles, bikkie thickness, size and shape, plus how crunchy you want the bikkies.
 
 When ready, cool and store in a sealed container in fridge—Keeps for a couple of weeks.
 
 
 Holistic Pets Med Community : 
 Pets Holistic Med Community  
 
 Pets Holistic Med is a community based on Holistic Pet Care Issues. Membership to the site is free. Also, feel free to participate in the Pet Holistic Forums, check out our free articles, web resources and our eBook.
 Dr. Mayra Alfonso has published a Holistic Pet Care Guide exclusively available on this site. This manual is a must for pet owners. Be sure you know the facts about your pets health care options before damaging your pets health and well being with dangerous and risky treatments!
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Dog food Recipes, Duck Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Pets Holistic Med, Potato starch Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Add category