Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mandarin_Orange_Cr%C3%AApes

Description : 
 Mandarin orange crêpes are a delightful treat.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  Smucker's 
 Makes 8 x 8-inch crêpes 
 Ingredients : 
 1 recipe  Quick crêpe batter , prepared according to directions 
 1 (12 ounce) jar Smucker's sugar-free sweet  orange marmalade , divided 
 1 (11 ounce) can  mandarin oranges , drained 
 powdered sugar  (optional) 
 Quick crêpe batter : 
 2  eggs 
 1 cup  milk 
 2 tablespoons Crisco  vegetable oil 
 1 cup Hungry Jack  buttermilk  pancake mix-complete 
 Crisco original no-stick spray 
 Directions : 
 Quick crêpe batter : 
 Place the  eggs ,  milk  and  oil  into blender container, cover and process by pulsing several times. 
 Add pancake mix and process until smooth. 
 Scrape down sides of the container with a spatula;blend until smooth. 
 Spray a 10" non-stick skillet with the Crisco no-stick spray. 
 Heat the pan over medium-high heat. 
 Remove the pan from the heat and pour 3-4 tablespoons crêpe batter into the center of the pan. 
 Quickly rotate the pan tilting to coat the surface. 
 Cook until the crêpe's center and edges appear dry and lightly browned. 
 Carefully turn the crêpe over and briefly cook the other side. 
 Turn out the crêpe onto a plate; cover to keep warm if desired. 
 Repeat with remaining batter. 
 Crêpes : 
 Spread each crêpe with 1 tablespoon  marmalade . 
 Roll up crêpe; place two crêpes on each serving plate. 
 Place remaining ½ cup of  marmalade  in a microwave-safe bowl; cook on high (100% power) 45 to 60 seconds or until  marmalade  is melted. 
 Cool. 
 Add drained  mandarin oranges  and mix gently until thoroughly combined. 
 Serve crêpes with  mandarin orange  sauce. 
 Note: sprinkle liberally with  powdered sugar  (optional). 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 224 Calories | 6g Fat (25.6% calories from fat) | 9g protein | 33gcarbohydrate | 2g dietary fiber | 122 mg cholesterol | 460 mg sodium | trace saturated fat | 6 g total fat. 
 Exchanges: 1½ grain(starch) | ½ lean meat | ½ fruit | ½  non-fat milk  | 1 fat. 
 
 
 
Categories: Buttermilk Recipes, Crêpe Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Mandarin orange Recipes, Marmalade Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category