Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Leb_Lebi_(Tunisian_Chickpea_Stew)


 
 Description : 
 Leb Lebi  (Tunisian  Chickpea  Stew)
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2cup  Chickpeas , dried picked over and rinsed, soaked overnight, in ample  water  to cover, or speed-soaked 
 6 cup Vegetable stock, (p. 68 of book) OR garlic- parsley  stock (p. 71 of book) 
 2 cup  onions , coarsely chopped 
 1 tbl  olive oil 
 1 1/2 tsp caraway seed, ground 
 salt , to taste 
 Portion leb lebi: 
 
 1 x 1-inch wedge of a fresh peasant loaf, crust removed torn into 4 to 6 pieces 
 1/4 tsp Ground  cumin , freshly ground 
 1/2 tbl  olive oil , fruity 
 1 tbl Chopped pitted  black olives , up to 2 tablespoons 
 1 tsp  capers , drained 
 2 teaspoons Harissa , to taste OR hot sauce, to taste 
 Directions : 
 To prepare the soup, rinse and drain the  Chickpeas . Place the  Chickpeas , stock,  onions ,  oil , and caraway in the cooker. 
 Lock the lid in place. Over high heat, bring to high pressure. Lower the heat just enough to maintain high pressure and cook for 18 minutes. 
 Allow the pressure to come down naturally or use a quick-release method. 
 Remove the lid, tilting it away from you to allow any excess steam to escape. If the  Chickpeas  are not meltingly soft, either return to high pressure for a few more minutes or replace (but do not lock) the lid and simmer until the  Chickpeas  are done. Add  salt . 
 To assemble each portion of leb lebi: Place the bread in a large soup bowl. Sprinkle the freshly ground  cumin  seeds on top. Ladle enough stock and  Chickpeas  over the bread to thoroughly soften it. Stir in  olive oil , ,  capers , and harissa before serving. 
 Serves 5 to 6 
 NOTES :
 
 suggests serving this dish at an informal dinner party. Set out the chopped , drained  capers , and harissa in small bowls and invite each guest to create his/her own combination. The amounts of seasonings for the serving portions are a guide.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Black olive Recipes, Caper Recipes, Chickpea Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tunisian Recipes, Tunisian Vegetarian, Add category