Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish_and_Brewis

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Other Links 
 3.2   See also 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 This Fish & Brewis recipe is one of the best tasting pieces of a quick-snack-away !
Freshly made is best for taste ! Enjoy !
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 cakes hard bread 
 2 lbs  salt   Cod 
 1 cup  salt   Pork , finely diced 
 drawn butter :
 
 ¼ cup  butter 
 2 medium  onions , chopped 
 2 tbsp  flour 
 1 cup  water 
 Directions : 
 Break each bread into 2 or 3 pieces and soak for 6–8 hours, or overnight, in cold  water . Use lots of  water  because it will be absorbed. 
 Soak  salt   Cod  in separate bowl of cold  water  for 6–8 hours, or overnight. Change  water  once or twice if you prefer less  salt . 
 If using fresh fish, add 1 tsp of  salt  to  water  when cooking. In the morning, change  water  on  Cod  and simmer gently until tender, 5–10 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and drain. Skin, bone and flake fish. Place hard bread in saucepan with enough  water  to cover bread, use  water  in which it soaked. Heat slowly just until it comes to a boil. Remove from heat and drain immediately. 
 Add cooked, flaked fish and mix. Keep hot. 
 Fry  salt   Pork  until golden brown and crisp. 
 These scrunchions and fat may be poured over fish and brewis mixture when served, or mixed with it. Serve hot. 
 drawn butter  is sometimes used instead of scrunchions. 
 drawn butter : 
 Melt  butter  in saucepan, add chopped  onions  and fry gently until lightly golden and soft, about 10 minutes. 
 Do not brown. 
 Sprinkle  flour  over  onions  and mix in thoroughly. 
 Remove from heat. Gradually, while stirring, add half  water . 
 Place back on heat and bring to boil, stirring constantly. 
 Beat until shiny and smooth. 
 Slowly add remaining  water  or until desired consistency is reached. 
 Cook over low heat 2–3 minutes. Serve over fish and brewis. 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Canadian Snacks, Canadian Recipes, Cod Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Pork Recipes, Add category