Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sharon%27s_Famous_Passover_Brownies


 
 Description : 
 Sharon Winstein and her friend Louise Levitt created these flour-free brownies for their first Temple cooking class.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 slightly beaten  eggs 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ¼ cup  cocoa powder 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ½ cup cooking  oil 
 ½ cup  matzo cake meal 
 ½ cup  semisweet chocolate  pieces 
 ½ cup coarsely chopped  nuts  (optional) 
 Dark chocolate glaze (optional) : 
 1 cup  semisweet chocolate  pieces 
 1 tsp  butter  or  margarine 
 ½ tsp instant  coffee  crystals 
 3 tbsp dairy  sour cream 
 ¼ tsp maple flavoring 
 Directions : 
 In mixing bowl, beat  eggs ,  sugar ,  cocoa powder  and  salt . 
 Add  oil  to mixing bowl and blend well. 
 Stir in the  matzo cake meal  and  chocolate  pieces. 
 Stir in  nuts , if desired. 
 Line an 8x8x2" baking pan with foil. Grease lightly. 
 Turn batter into prepared pan and spread evenly. 
 Bake at 325 °F for 25 to 30 minutes or till done (top will be shiny and edges dry). 
 Let cool in pan on wire rack. 
 Meanwhile, prepare glaze if desired. 
 Spread over cooled brownies. 
 Dark chocolate glaze (optional) : 
 In a small heavy saucepan or skillet, melt 1 cup  semisweet chocolate  pieces over low heat. 
 Remove from heat and stir in 1 tsp  butter  or  margarine . 
 In a small bowl, dissolve ½ tsp instant  coffee  crystals in 1 tbsp hot  water . 
 Stir in 3 tbsp dairy  sour cream  and ¼ tsp maple flavoring. 
 Add  sour cream  mixture to  chocolate , stirring till smooth and shiny. 
 Makes about ¾ cup. 
 Brownie ice cream pie : 
 Prepare brownie batter as directed. 
 Line a 9" pie plate with foil and grease lightly. 
 Turn batter into pie plate. 
 Bake at 325 °F for 30 minutes. 
 Remove from oven. 
 Using the back of a wooden spoon dipped in  cocoa powder , press hot brownies down, then gradually outward and evenly up the sides of pie plate. 
 Cool, then freeze till firm. 
 Make  dark chocolate glaze  while crust is freezing; cool glaze to room temperature. 
 Lift shell from plate; remove foil. 
 Fill with ½ gal of slightly softened  ice cream  or frozen  yogurt , adding a middle layer of the glaze and more chopped  nuts . 
 Notes : 
 For a regular brownie, you can substitute ¾ cup all purpose  flour  for the  matzo cake meal  and add 1 tsp  vanilla . 
 Also, you can double the recipe. Use a 13x9x2" baking pan and bake batter for about 30 minutes. 
 For a twist, make the brownie  ice cream  pie. 
 
 
 
Categories: Brownie Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Coffee Recipes, Dark chocolate Recipes, Matzo meal Recipes, Nut Recipes, Passover Snacks, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Add category