Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Moroccan_Chicken_and_Prune_Tagine


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 4	oz	 prunes 
 4	oz	 dried apricots 
 1/2	cup	Toasted split  almonds 
 3	tbl	Extra virgin  olive oil 
 8	x	Portions  Chicken 
 1	tsp	 salt 
 20	x	Grinds  black pepper 
 1	lrg	 Onion 
 2	x	Cloves  garlic 
 1	tsp	 ground turmeric 
 3	x	 cardamom  pods 
 1	tsp	 ground ginger 
 2	tsp	Ground  cinnamon 
 2 1/2	cup	 chicken stock  (or half stock, half  white wine ) 
 1	tbl	Honey 
 2	tsp	 cornstarch 
 2	tsp	 lemon juice  or  water 
 Directions : 
 Several hours in advance or overnight, soak the dried fruit in  water  to cover. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Fry the  almonds  in the hot  oil  over moderate heat until golden brown, then drain on paper towels and reserve. remove the skin and any visible fat from the  Chicken  portions, thoroughly dry them, then season with the  salt  and  pepper . 
 Fry the  Chicken  in the hot  oil  until rich brown on all sides, then lift out and drain on paper towels to remove any surplus fat. Lay the pieces side by side in a lidded casserole and surround with the drained fruit. 
 In the same  oil  gently saute the finely chopped  Onion  and  garlic  until they turn a rich golden brown (keep the pan lid on for 5 minutes to soften them in the steam, then remove it to finish the  browning ). 
 Add the spices and stock and honey. Stir well to release any crispy bits adhering to the base of the pan, then bring to the boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in the  cornstarch  mixed with the  lemon juice  (or  water , if wine has been used). 
 Pour over the  Chicken . Cover and bake for 1 hour, or until tender when pierced with a sharp knife. Do not overcook as the  Chicken  will soften during the reheating. Garnish the dish with the fried  almonds . 
 Note: Any dish containing a black food - be it  prunes  or - is never served on the Eve of Rosh Hashanah in Moroccan Jewish households for fear it would dim the lightness and brightness of the first day of the festival. 
 But on the second night a tagine made with either  Chicken  or  Lamb  is eaten, because of the sweet ingredients - the dried fruit and honey it contains. A similar dish, Poyo kon Prounes, is also to be found in the Graeco-Jewish cuisine. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Dried apricot Recipes, Ground turmeric Recipes, Iraqi Meat Dishes, Iraqi Recipes, Add category