Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Peanut_Butter_Fudge_Coconut_Raisin_Cookies

      Peanut Butter Fudge Coconut Raisin Cookies     
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  spelt  or  whole wheat flour 
 1 cup  rolled oats  ( oatmeal ), ground 
 2 cups  raisins 
 1 cup  coconut , shredded, unsweetened 
 1½ cups  water 
 ¾ cup  carob  powder (dark or medium roasted) 
 ¾ cup  peanut butter , smooth, natural 
 1 tbsp  vanilla extract 
 Directions : 
 Preheat your oven to 350°F (175°C). 
 Place the  spelt , or  whole wheat flour , and the ground  rolled oats  ( oatmeal ) in a bowl and mix together (the  rolled oats  can be ground in a blender on high speed. Be sure that the container is dry before grinding). 
 Add the  coconut  and 1 cup of the  raisins  and mix well to ensure that the  raisins  are not sticking together, and that they are thoroughly coated with the  flour  mixture. 
 Place the  water , 1 cup of the  raisins ,  carob ,  vanilla , and the  peanut   butter  in the container of a high speed blender. 
 Cover and run at high speed until all the ingredients are thoroughly blended and smooth. 
 Add about ¾ of the  peanut butter  and  carob  mixture to the  flour  mixture and mix thoroughly with a stiff spatula or spoon. 
 Gradually add a little more of the fudge mixture until desired consistency is reached. 
 If the cookie dough is too stiff, you may add more of the fudge mixture or  water , if there is no fudge mixture remaining. 
 A thinner dough will make a flatter cookie. 
 A stiff dough will make irregular thick cookies like the ones shown in the photo (to test for dough stiffness, we stick a soup spoon upright into the dough. If the dough is stiff enough, the spoon will remain upright) on a non-stick or lightly oiled baking sheet, place the cookie dough in twelve equal sized "mounds" smooth and shape each cookie with a spoon or spatula, as desired. 
 Place the baking sheet in the preheated oven and bake at 350°F for 30 minutes. 
 Various ovens bake differently, so we suggest that you begin checking the cookies after 20 minutes of baking. 
 The cookies should be firm, but not hard. 
 Be careful not to over-bake. 
 When the  peanut butter  fudge cookies are baked, remove from the oven, cool, and enjoy. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0c/PeanutButterFudgeCoconutRaisin.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004028']
Categories: Persian Snacks, Carob Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Oatmeal cookie Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Spelt flour Recipes, Whole wheat flour Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Add category