Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chapchae

Ingredients : 
 2 oz  cellophane mung-bean noodles 
 6 each  Chinese black mushrooms 
 ⅓ lbs tender  spinach  leaves 
 1 each  carrot 
 1 small  zucchini 
 3 medium  mushrooms 
 2 each  Chinese cabbage  leaves 
 4 each  scallions 
 4 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 1 tbsp  sesame oil 
 3 each  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1 tbsp Japanese  soy sauce 
 1 tsp  sugar 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 Directions : 
 Soak the  Chinese mushrooms  in 1 cup hot  water  for 20 minutes. 
 When they have softened, cut off the hard stems and slice the caps fine. 
 Drop the  spinach  into 10 cups of boiling  water . 
 Boil rapidly for 2 minutes.  Drain. 
 Run under cold  water . 
 Squeeze out as much moisture as possible. 
 Peel the  carrot , cut into 3 sections and then into fine julienne strips. 
 Wipe off the fresh  mushrooms  and break off their stems. 
 Cut the caps into very fine slices. 
 Cut the non-woody part of the stems into matchstick pieces. 
 Cut away and discard the curly, tender part of the  cabbage  leaves. 
 Save only the v-shaped core of the leaves. 
 Cut this into julienne strips. 
 Cut the scallions into 2½-inch sections. 
 Quarter the section with the bulb lengthwise. 
 Combine the  Chinese mushrooms ,  spinach ,  carrot ,  zucchini ,  mushrooms ,  cabbage , and scallions in a bowl. 
 Mix well, separating all the  spinach  leaves. 
 Heat the  vegetable oil  and the  sesame oil  in a wok or a 10-inch saute pan over a medium-high flame. 
 When hot, put in the  garlic . 
 Stir and fry for 10 seconds. 
 Add all the vegetables in the bowl. 
 Stir and fry for 3 to 4 minutes or until the vegetables are tender-crisp. 
 Turn the heat to low. 
 Add the drained noodles, soy sauce, and  salt . 
 Stir well, distributing the noodles evenly, and cook 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Taste for seasonings. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bean thread Recipes, Bok choy Recipes, Carrot Recipes, North Korean Vegetarian, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Add category