Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gateaux_Jos_Louis_(Joe_Louis_Cakes)

Directions : 
 Home-made versions of this best selling commercial snacking cake turn up in recipe collections throughout the beauce. A product of the giant Vachon bakery at St. Marie, it was launched by founder-bakers Arcade and Rose-Anna Vachon who named it for their eldest two sons Joseph and Louis and not, as some believe, after the heavyweight boxing champion, Joe Louis. Home recipes use a drop-cookie method and sometimes a  marshmallow  filling. 
 The baking cake is made automatically with a diameter of 3 ½ inches (9cm). 
To achieve a symmetrical look and a light texture, the recipe is adapted from one belonging to Mariette Scully Bourque of Notre Dame des Pins to the muffin tin.
 
 Makes:about 12 medium or 24 small muffin sized cakes 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 cup  butter 
 1/2 cup  Sugar , granulated 
 2  eggs , beaten 
 1 cup  milk 
 1 tbsp  white vinegar 
 1 tsp  baking soda 
 2 cup  flour , all purpose 
 1 tsp  baking powder 
 1/4 cup  cocoa powder , unsweetened 
 1/2 tsp - salt 
 1 1/2 tsp  vanilla 
 Vanilla  FILLING 
 2  egg  whites 
 1/2 cup  Sugar , granulated 
 1 pinch - salt 
 2 tbsp - water 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 Chocolate  ICING 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 2 tbsp  cocoa powder , unsweetened 
 2 tbsp  light cream , up to 3 T 
 1/2 tsp  vanilla 
 1/2 cup Icing (Confectioner's)  Sugar  - approximate 
 Directions : 
 Cake 
 Grease 12 medium muffin tins or 24 small ones. 
 In a large bowl, cream  butter  and  Sugar  together until fluffy. Mix in  eggs . 
 Measure  milk  into a 1 cup measure and stir in  vinegar , then  baking soda . 
 In another bowl, sift or mix together  flour ,  baking powder ,  cocoa powder  and  salt . 
 Combine dry ingredients with  butter  mixture with  milk ; stir in  vanilla . 
 Fill prepared muffin tins half full of batter. 
 Bake in a preheated 350f oven for about 10 minutes or until a tester inserted in centre comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes in pan. Turn out onto rack and cool completely. 
 Vanilla  filling 
 in top of a double boiler, set over boiling  water , combine  egg  whites,  granulated sugar ,  salt  and  water . 
 With an electric mixer, beat until stiff and fluffy, about 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Remove from heat and beat in  vanilla . 
 Chocolate  icing 
 cream  soft  butter  with  cocoa powder . 
 Blend in  cream  and  vanilla . 
 Stir in sifted icing (confectioner"s)  Sugar  until icing is of spreading consistency. 
 Slice cakes in half horizontally. 
 Fill with  vanilla  filling and spread tops and sides with  chocolate  icing. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Kid-friendly Recipes, Light cream Recipes, Marshmallow Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Add category