Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Latvian_Kringel


 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 tsp. Spanish  saffron , very finely crumbled or ground 
 1/4 cp. boiling  water 
 2 Tbsps.  yeast 
 1/2 cp. warm  water 
 1 tsp.  Sugar 
 4 1/2 cps.  flour 
 2 cps.  table cream , warm 
 1/2 lb.  butter 
 1/2 - 1 cp.  Sugar 
 3  egg  yolks 
 1 1/2 cps.  golden raisins 
 1/2 tsp. ground  cardamom 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 1  lemon , grate rind and keep juice to put in dough 
 1  orange , grate rind only (you can then eat the  orange !) 
 1/2 cp. whole or  slivered almonds  (for decoration) 
 1  egg , beaten with about 1 Tbsp.  water  (for decoration) 
 icing sugar  (for decoration) 
 Directions : 
 Take  eggs  and  butter  out of fridge, and let come to room temperature. Crumble  saffron  into 1/4 cp. boiling  water  and let stand. Warm  cream  (on extremely low heat in a saucepan).
 Grate the  orange  rind and  lemon  rind, reserving the  lemon juice  for the kringel dough. Into the 1/4 cp. of warm  water  mix the teaspoon of  Sugar , and sprinkle  yeast  on top of  water . Let stand (about 10 minutes) until bubbled up.
 In a large bowl, combine warm  cream  with  yeast  mixture and add half of the  flour . Mix well. Cover and let rise for half an hour in a warm place.
 Meanwhile,  cream   butter  with  Sugar . Add  egg  yolks one at a time. Whip until light.
 Add  Raisins  to remainder of  flour . Add  butter / Sugar / egg  mixture to risen dough/ yeast / flour  mixture. Now, in a very large bowl, mix together everything (except the items used for decoration). Mix until dough is smooth. Cover and let rise again in warm place until doubled in bulk (about 1 hour).
 Place risen dough on floured board and knead until smooth and elastic.
 The traditional shape is a large pretzel shape. This is the way it is usually presented as a birthday "cake", or for a formal occasion.
 Pretzel shape: grease a cookie sheet. Stretch dough into a long, fat roll with tapered ends. Place the centre of the roll onto the middle of the long side of the cookie sheet. Make a pretzel shape by twisting the ends into the centre and placing them on the middle of the cake. Smooth and even out the "pretzel" until the two pretzel holes are about the size of a cup.
 Preparing cake for baking:
Brush surface of dough with beaten  egg / water  mixture. Sprinkle or decorate with  almonds . Let rise again. Meanwhile preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
 Baking and presentation:
Bake until golden brown (about 35 – 45 minutes). Let cool in/on pan. If you have them, place paper doilies on a large platter and place kringel on them. Dust with  icing sugar . Garnish imaginatively: with candles,  bows , candies, flowers, etc. Enjoy!
 
 
 
 
Categories: Latvian Recipes, Latvian Desserts, Almond Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Light cream Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Farfalle Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category