Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Deep_South_Collard_greens

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 - 3 medium smoked  Ham  hocks or 2 pounds smoked  Pork  neck bones 
 5 pounds of  collards  or several large bunches (If you can't get them 
 fresh, frozen will do. 
 2 teaspoon of  salt 
 
 Directions : 
 My favorite way to cook  collard greens  is very simple. I take 2 or 3
 smoked  Ham  hocks and put them in a large (6 quart) pot of  water . Bring
 the  water  to a rolling boil and let it boil for about 1 1/2 hours. Add
 more  water  as it boils down. The idea is to boil the  Ham  hocks until
 they begin to fall apart. You should always cook  Pork  very thoroughly
 and use proper food handling techniques. You want the  Ham  hocks to be
 falling apart before you add the  collard greens .
 Take the  collard greens  and separate the leaves (if fresh) . Now rinse
 each leaf individually under cold running  water . After you rinse the
 collard greens  thoroughly, stack several leaves on top of each other.
 Roll these leaves together. Then slice the leaves into thin strips using
 a cutting board and large knife. Rolling them together speeds up the
 process as you are slicking through several leaves at once.
 Next, add your  collard greens  to the pot. Since this is a lot of
 collards , you will need to add them until the pot is full. Then allow
 them to wilt as they cook - then add more. Add you  salt , cover and cook
 for thirty minutes on medium heat. Stir every few minutes to distribute
 the smoked meat taste evenly. Taste to confirm they are the tenderness
 you prefer. Serve with your favorite meat dish such as chitterlings. Eat
 the  Ham  hocks or neck bones right along with the  collards . 
 If you used frozen  collards , simply pour them - frozen - right from the
 package to the pot.
 If you use smoked neck bones, they usually don't take as long to cook as
 Ham  hocks.
 People in my neck of the woods usually sprinkle lots of hot sauce on
 their  collards . I like them that way. Give it a try.
 Since this is a large pot full, just save the extras in the
 refrigerator. They should keep for a long time and actually get better
 as the juices settle in.
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Collard greens Recipes, Ham Recipes, Pork Recipes, Soul Food Recipes, Add category