Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Roast_Turkey_with_Corn_Bread_Stuffing

Description : 
 Makes approximately 3 quarts, or 12 cups of stuffing 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ lbs  butter 
 1  turkey , fresh (12 – 16 lbs) 
 ½ lbs  salt pork , thinly sliced 
 Corn bread stuffing : 
 2 pack corn bread mix (10 oz) 
 ½ cup  celery , chopped 
 1  onion , medium, minced 
 ½ cup  butter 
 2  egg yolks 
 salt 
 pepper 
 Turkey stock : 
 turkey  giblets  + neck and wings 
 3 cups  water 
 ½  onion , small, sliced 
 ½  garlic  clove 
 ½  bay leaf 
 ⅛ tsp  basil , crumbled 
 ⅛ tsp  rosemary , crumbled 
 ⅛ tsp  thyme , crumbled 
 ⅛ tsp  salt 
 Turkey giblet gravy : 
 ¼ cup pan drippings 
 ¼ cup  flour 
 1 cup  water 
 2 cups  turkey stock 
 turkey  giblets , cooked, chopped 
 salt 
 pepper 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 425°F. 
 Cut  butter  into very thin slices; place in freezer to harden while you prepare bird. 
 Wash  turkey  inside and out. 
 Remove and reserve neck, giblets and wing tips. 
 Pat dry with paper toweling. 
 Starting at the breast, separate the skin from the  meat  by working your fingers between them. 
 Slice your hand under skin as far as you can go and gently free the skin on both sides of the breast. 
 Loosen it around the upper part of the legs, stopping about halfway down the legs. 
 Insert slices of the cold  butter , first under the leg skin, then under the breast skin. 
 Reshape the loosened skin on the bird by patting it gently back in place. It will sag a bit but don"t let that upset you; it will cook back in place. 
 Wrap bird loosely in waxed paper and refrigerate while preparing stuffing. 
 Fill cavity of  turkey  loosely with stuffing. 
 Fasten neck skin of  turkey  to body with skewer. 
 Push legs under band of skin at tail or tie to tail. 
 Place slices of  salt   pork  over breast and fasten with wooden picks. 
 Place  turkey  on its side on rack in shallow open roasting pan. 
 Cook for 15 minutes, then turn bird on other side and roast for 15 minutes longer. 
 Lower temperature to 325°F. 
 And continue to roast  turkey , turning the bird from side to side and basting often with the drippings from pan, for about 3½ to 4 hours, or until juices run yellow - no longer pink - when thigh is pierced with a fork. 
 Roast  turkey  breast side up for the last 15 minutes of cooking time. 
 Transfer  turkey  to serving platter and let rest 30 minutes before carving. 
 Reserve all drippings in pan for gravy. 
 Corn bread stuffing : 
 Prepare  corn  bread, following label directions, or use your own favorite recipe. Cool. 
 Crumble enough to make 7 cups and transfer to a large mixing bowl. 
 Sauté  celery  and  onion  in  butter  in a large skillet until soft. 
 Spoon vegetables and  butter  over  corn  bread crumbs. 
 Beat  egg yolks  in a medium-sized bowl; stir in stock and pour mixture over  corn  bread. 
 Stir lightly to blend. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Turkey stock : 
 Combine giblets, neck, and wing tips with  water  in a large saucepan; add remaining ingredients. 
 Bring to boil, then lower heat and simmer for about 15 minutes, or until liver is tender. 
 Remove liver and continue to simmer mixture for about 1 hour, or until remaining giblets are tender. 
 Strain mixture; remove and chop giblets and liver for gravy. 
 Reserve stock. 
 Turkey giblet gravy : 
 Pour off all  turkey  fat from roasting pan into a glass measuring cup. 
 Measure and return ¼ cup to pan. 
 Sprinkle  flour  into fat; cook and stir 2 or 3 minutes over low heat. 
 Add  water  and 2 cups of the reserved  turkey stock . 
 Cook, stirring and scraping up browned bits in pan with wooden spoon, until gravy thickens and bubbles 2 minutes. 
 Strain gravy into saucepan; add chopped giblets and reserved liver. 
 Taste; season with  salt  and  pepper  if needed. 
 
 
 
Categories: Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Basil Recipes, Cornbread Recipes, Salt pork Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Giblet Recipes, Turkey stock and broth Recipes, Add category