Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Thai_Noodles_with_Chicken_Patties


 
 Description : 
       Thai Noodles With Chicken Patties     
 This recipe idea formed quickly when I saw the ingredients list - as I just simply love Thai food. There are two variations to making this dish - you can either make a salad or a soup (perfect for all seasons!). When trying out both versions, I realized that I liked the Chinese flat  rice noodles  for the salad which is oilier (sold in the chilling area in my supermarket), and pho, its Vietnamese counterpart which is sold in the dried form. The  chicken  patties may be used in other stir fries, or frozen after you've cooked them.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Chicken patties : 
 250 g  ground chicken 
 2 tablespoons fresh  basil , chopped ( Thai basil  preferably) 
 2 tablespoons  cilantro , chopped 
 1 clove  garlic , minced 
 2  Thai bird's eye chilis , minced (optional) 
 ½ tablespoon  soy sauce 
 ½ tablespoon  fish sauce 
 ½ tablespoon  lime juice 
 1  egg , lightly beaten 
 1 slice day-old  bread, crushed into crumbs 
 Dressing or dipping sauce : 
 1 teaspoon  peanut oil 
 2 tablespoons  sweet chili sauce 
 2 tablespoons  lime juice 
 1 tablespoon  fish sauce 
 Soup : 
 3 cups  chicken stock 
 2 slices  ginger  ( galangal  if you can find it) 
 1 stalk  lemongrass , cut into 1" pieces and bruised 
 ½ tablespoon  fish sauce 
 ½ tablespoon  soy sauce 
 1 teaspoon  sesame oil 
 fresh ground  black pepper , to taste 
 Others : 
 1 small  carrot , cut into ribbons using peeler (approx 80g) 
 1 small  red pepper   or   green pepper , julienned 
 4 medium  shiitake mushrooms , sliced 
 ½ cup  bean sprouts 
 200 g Chinese flat  rice noodles  ( kway teow ) or Vietnamese dry  rice noodles  (pho, if using pho, soak in hot  water  for 5 minutes and drain before using) 
 Garnish : 
 fresh  cilantro 
 fresh  basil  leaves 
 chopped roasted cashews 
 Directions : 
 Chicken patties : 
 Mix all required ingredients in a medium bowl using your hands; cover and let marinate in the fridge for 30 minutes. 
 Shape  chicken  mixture into patties (if you like, you can make  chicken  meatballs). 
 Heat 1 – 2 tbsp  oil  in skillet over medium-high heat and cook patties, turning once, for 6 minutes or until cooked through and golden brown; set aside in a low oven to keep warm. 
 Whisk together dressing/dipping sauce ingredients, set aside. 
 Salad : 
 Bring salted  water  to boil in a saucepan (enough to cover the noodles), add noodles and cook for 4 mins or until tender; drain. 
 You may also blanch your vegetables in the boiling  water  for a few minutes, depending on how 'crunchy' you like your salad to be; drain. 
 Place cooked noodles and vegetables in a large bowl, add half of the dressing; toss to coat. 
 If desired, cut the cooked patties into thin slices (for presentation) before serving. 
 To serve the salad, divide the salad mixture on 2 – 3 plates, top with sliced  chicken  patties, drizzle with remaining dressing and sprinkle with  cilantro / basil  and chopped cashews. 
 Soup : 
 Bring  chicken stock  to boil, add  ginger ,  lemongrass , and soy sauce; add pho and cook until tender (approx 6 – 8 minutes). 
 Add vegetables to soup to blanch them for a few minutes. 
 To serve, divide noodles/vegetables/soup into 2 – 3 bowls and sprinkle some  black pepper  and a few drops of  sesame oil . 
 Top with the sliced  chicken  patties and garnish with  basil / cilantro  and cashews. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a1/Thai_Noodles_With_Chicken_Patties_%28soup_or_Salad%29.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004402']
Categories: Thai Soups, Thai Salads, Thai basil Recipes, Bean sprout Recipes, Ground chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Galangal Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Medium rice stick Recipes, Rice noodle Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Egg Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Add category