Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Artichoke_Salad_with_Romesco


 Ingredients : 
 6 stalks  celery  stalks cut diagonally into 2½" pieces 
 salt  to taste 
 2 teaspoons sweet  pimenton  (not smoked)  [1] 
 water  as needed 
 2 dozen  almonds  blanched, skinned 
 ¼ cup  olive oil  divided 
 ¼ cup chopped  Italian parsley 
 3  garlic  cloves 
 2 tbsp  red wine vinegar 
 2 cans  artichoke hearts  - (13¾ oz ea) drained, quartered 
 3 cup chopped  lettuce  or  escarole 
 1 hard-boiled  egg  sliced 
 1 tsp chopped fresh  mint  leaves 
 1 tbsp chopped  green onion 
 Directions : 
 Blanch the  celery  in boiling salted  water  6 minutes. 
 Drain and refresh it under cold  water . 
 Set it aside. 
 Combine the sweet and hot  pimenton  in a small bowl and mix it with ¼ cup  water  until it is smooth. 
 Toast the  almonds  in 2 teaspoons of the  oil  in a small  skillet  over medium-low heat until they are golden, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Chop the  parsley  in a food processor, then add the  garlic  and process until it is finely chopped. 
 Add the toasted  almonds  and process until they are finely ground. 
 Add ½ teaspoon of  salt , the  vinegar  and ½ cup of  water  and continue to process until the mixture is quite smooth. 
 Add the pimenton paste and the remaining  oil . 
 This makes 1 cup of dressing (the dressing can be served with other vegetables and salads) 
 Place the  artichoke  hearts and  celery  in a bowl and top with the dressing. 
 Marinate 1 hour at room temperature. 
 Prepare a bed of  lettuce  or  escarole  on a large platter. 
 Arrange the  artichokes  and  celery  on top. 
 Garnish with the  egg ,  mint  and  onion . 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Spanish pimenton comes in three flavors-dulce (sweet), agridulce (bittersweet) and picante (spicy hot). Each is made from a different subspecies of pepper. Sweet pimenton, smoked or unsmoked, is the most versatile, while the bittersweet adds an interesting complexity to a dish. The spicy-hot is packed with flavor and really not at all fiery to most palates. Substitute Spanish pimenton in any recipe calling for paprika. 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f6/069.JPG/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20131001185815']
Categories: Salad Recipes, Almond Recipes, Artichoke Recipes, Celery Recipes, Escarole Recipes, Escarole Salad Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Lettuce Recipes, Mint Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Add category