Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cauliflower_and_Spinach_Gratin

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 large head  Cauliflower  (about 2 3/4 lbs.),cut into small florets 
 10 oz. fresh  spinach , stemmed and rinsed well 
 2 slices whole- Wheat  bread, crusts trimmed and discarded, bread torn into large pieces 
 1 Tbs.  olive oil 
 12 oz. low-fat soft or firm  silken tofu  (1 1/2 cups) 
 1/3 cup Dijon  mustard 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp. freshly ground  pepper 
 Pinch of  cayenne pepper 
 3/4 cup freshly grated  Parmesan cheese  (3 oz.) 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375ʡF. Coat shallow 2-quart gratin or baking dish (approximately 11 1/2 x 8 inches) with  cooking spray .
 
 Bring large pot of lightly salted  water  to a boil. Add  Cauliflower  and cook until tender, 7 to 9 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain again. Set aside.
 
 In same pot over medium-high heat, cook  spinach  with just rinsing  water  clinging to leaves, stirring often, just until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold running  water  and drain again. Press out excess  water . Set aside.
 
 In food processor, process bread until coarse crumbs form. Transfer to small bowl. Add  oil  and toss to coat; set aside.
 
 In food processor, combine  tofu ,  mustard ,  salt ,  pepper  and  Cayenne  and process until smooth and creamy. Add Parmesan and pulse just until mixed in. Scrape into large bowl. Add  Cauliflower  and  spinach ; stir with a rubber spatula to coat with sauce.
 
 Scrape vegetable mixture into prepared gratin dish, distributing evenly. Sprinkle reserved bread crumb mixture evenly over top. Bake until gratin is heated through and top is golden brown, 35 to 45 minutes. Serve hot.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cauliflower Recipes, Mustard seed Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Silken tofu Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Wheat Recipes, Add category