Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Sholeh_Zard


 
 Description : 
 This is a saffron rice pudding dessert recipe from Iran. I have not tried it but posted it by request. You need to allow a few hours for the  rice  to soak. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Pre-soak : 
 ¼ cup  salt 
 water 
 Pudding : 
 2 quarts  water 
 1 cup uncooked long-grain  white rice 
 2 cups  sugar 
 8 tablespoons  butter , cut into small pieces 
 1½ teaspoons  saffron  threads, crushed and dissolved in 1 tablespoon  water 
 6 tablespoons  almonds , slivered and blanched 
 4 tablespoons unsalted  pistachios , slivered or finely chopped 
 ½ cup bottled  rose water 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 8 whole blanched  almonds 
 Directions : 
 Start a few hours ahead of time by preparing the  rice  by picking out any dark or discoloured  grains  and then washing in a colander until the  water  runs clear. 
 Place the  rice  in a large bowl or pot with the  salt  and enough cold  water  to cover by an inch and soak for about 2 hours. 
 Drain the  rice , then bring the 2 quarts  water  to a boil over a high heat. 
 Stirring constantly, pour the  rice  in a slow thin stream. 
 Turn the heat down very low and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes. 
 Stir in the  Sugar , then add the  butter  and  saffron  mixture and continue stirring until the  Sugar  dissolves, the  butter  has melted and the  rice  is bright yellow. 
 Stir in the  slivered almonds  and 1 tbsp of the pistachios and, stirring frequently, cook for 30 minutes longer or until the mixture can hold its shape almost solidly in the spoon. 
 Stir in the  rose water  and ladle the mixture into a large, heatproof serving bowl. 
 Spread it out with a spatula and sprinkle the top with two thin crossing lines of  cinnamon  to divide it into quarters. 
 Sprinkle each quarter with the remaining 3 tbsp of pistachios and decorate with whole  almonds . 
 Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or until the pudding is chilled and firm. 
 Serve directly from the bowl. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Persian Vegetarian, Pistachio Recipes, Pudding Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rose water Recipes, Saffron Recipes, White rice Recipes, Add category