Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Christmas_Stollen

Description : 
 Serves 15 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  raisins , dark or golden 
 ¼ cup  dried apricots , chopped 
 ¼ cup unsweetened  apple juice  or ¼ cup  rum 
 1 pack (or 1 tbsp)  active dry yeast 
 ⅓ cup  milk , heated to lukewarm (105 to 110°F) 
 ½ cup  flour 
 ½ cup  margarine 
 2 tbsp  sugar 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 1 tsp  lemon rind , grated 
 1 to 1½ cup  flour 
 ½ cup sliced  blanched almonds 
 ½ cup low-sugar  apricot preserves 
 Directions : 
 Combine the  raisins ,  apricots  and  apple juice  (or  rum ) in a bowl. 
 Let soak overnight or for at least 4 hours. 
 Combine the  yeast ,  milk  and the ½ cup of  flour  in a bowl. 
 Mix until smooth and the mixture looks like thick mashed potatoes. 
 Cover the bowl with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place for 10 minutes, or until doubled in bulk. 
 Meanwhile,  cream  the  margarine ,  sugar ,  salt ,  almond extract  and  lemon  rind. 
 Beat in the  yeast  mixture and 1¼ cups of the  flour . 
 Turn the dough out onto a lightly-floured surface and knead in about 1⁄4 cup more  flour , or until the dough is soft. 
 Knead for 3 minutes. 
 Put in a greased bowl, cover with a damp towel and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1½ to 2 hours. 
 Once the dough has doubled, knead in the  raisin  mixture and  almonds . 
 Knead until well mixed. 
 Roll the dough into a rectangular 12- by 6-inch shape. 
 Roll up jelly roll fashion. 
 Place on a lightly-oiled baking sheet and let rise about 30 minutes. 
 Bake in a 375°F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until golden brown. 
 Cool partially on a wire rack. 
 Glaze the cool but not cold stollen with the  apricot  preserves. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Calories per 1 serving 162 | carbohydrates 23 | protein 2 | fat 7 | sodium 116  | potassium 121  | cholesterol 0 
 Exchange value: 1 bread + ½ fruit + 1 fat exchange 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Almond extract Recipes, Apple juice Recipes, Apricot preserves and jam Recipes, Cake Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Dried apricot Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Add category