Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cinnamon_Angel_Cake_with_Orange_Compote

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 	 cup 	  cake flour , not self rising 
 1-1/2 	cups 	 granulated sugar , divided 
 Pinch 	ground cloves 
 12 	large 	 egg whites , at room temperature 
 1-1/2 	teaspoons 	 cream of tartar 
 1/2 	teaspoon 	 salt 
 1 	teaspoon 	grated  orange peel 
 1 	cup 	confectioners'  Sugar , sifted 
 1-1/2 	teaspoons 	 dark rum 
 1/4 	teaspoon 	grated  orange peel 
 1 	to 2 tablespoons 	 orange juice 
 8 		navel  oranges 
 1 	cup 	 water 
 1/2 	cup 	 granulated sugar 
 1 	teaspoon 	ground  cinnamon 
 1 	tablespoon 	orange-flavored liqueur 
 Directions : 
 Heat oven to 375 degree F. Sift  flour , 3/4 cup of the  Sugar ,  cinnamon , and cloves together 3 times; set aside. 
 Beat  egg whites  in large bowl with electric mixer until foamy, 4 minutes. 
 Gradually increasing speed to medium, add  cream of tartar  and  salt . 
 Add remaining 3/4 cup  Sugar , 1 tablespoon at a time, beating well after each addition. 
 Beat at medium speed to stiff peaks, 2 minutes. Beat in the 1 teaspoon  orange peel . 
 Sift one third of dry ingredients over whites; carefully fold in with rubber spatula. 
 Repeat two more times with remaining dry ingredients, just until blended. 
 Pour batter into ungreased 10-inch tube pan. 
 Cut through batter with knife to remove any large air pockets. 
 Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until top of cake springs back when pressed with fingertip. 
 Immediately invert pan onto funnel or bottle; let stand until completely cool. 
 For glaze, combine confectioners'  Sugar ,  rum , the 1/4 teaspoon  orange peel , and 1 tablespoon of the  orange juice , adding additional juice as needed to make a thick glaze. 
 For  orange  Compote, peel one  orange  with vegetable peeler; cut peel into julienne strips. 
 Bring  water  and the 1/2 cup  granulated sugar  to boil in saucepan; add peel and boil 2 minutes. 
 Remove from heat. 
 With sharp knife, remove peel and white pith from remaining  oranges ; 
 Cut between membranes to remove sections. 
 Combine  orange  sections, any juice from sections, and liqueur with syrup and peel in bowl. 
 Makes 5 cups. 
 Run knife around side of pan and unmold cake. 
 Transfer to serving plate and drizzle with Glaze. 
 Serve with  orange  Compote. Makes 10 servings. 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cake flour Recipes, Citrus Desserts, Dark rum Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Rum Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category