Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beer-braised_Lamb_Shanks

Description : 
 Purchased from the Cummings estate in Durant, Oklahoma in 1987. Dated 1968. Another used by my catering partner. He loves it and says it always a big hit when he serves this. 
 
 Contributed by  Cat's Recipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 4  lamb shanks 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper  to taste 
 ¼ cup vegetable  oil 
 12  pearl onions 
 2 large  carrots , peeled and diced large 
 1 large  tomato , cored and finely diced 
 2 tablespoons minced  garlic 
 1 cup  golden raisins 
 3 bottles dark  beer 
 1 pint  beef stock 
 ½ cup freshly ground  sage 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Sprinkle  lamb shanks  with  salt  and  pepper . 
 In a large ovenproof sauté pan or other ovenproof pan with a lid, heat the  oil  over high heat until hot but not smoking. 
 Add shanks and sear on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes a side. 
 Remove from pan and set aside. 
 Drain all but about 2 tablespoons of the  oil  from the pan. 
 Reduce the heat to medium, add the  onions  and  carrots  and sauté, stirring occasionally and scraping any browned bits from the bottom of the pan, until  onions  are lightly browned, 5 to 7 minutes. 
 Add the  tomato ,  garlic  and  raisins , and sauté, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes. 
 Add the  beer , bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes. 
 Add the stock, turn the heat to medium and bring to a boil. 
 Add the  lamb  shanks, cover the pan and braise in preheated oven until the shanks are very tender. 
 Remove the shanks from the pan, skimming any grease from the sauce. 
 If the sauce is not as thick as you like, place back on the burner over high heat and reduce to desired consistency. 
 Stir in the  sage , season to taste with  salt  and  pepper , return the shanks to the sauce and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Lamb shank or knuckle Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, Golden raisin Recipes, Sage Recipes, Recipes using beer, Carrot Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category