Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Imperial_Chinese_Wraps


 
 Ingredients : 
 Filling : 
 1½ cups (about 10 oz) crumbled  TVP 
 2 cups vegetarian, chicken-flavored  stock 
 16 leaves  bibb   or   butter lettuce 
 16 Peking pancakes 
 1 small  onion , minced (about ½ cup) 
 8  water chestnuts , minced 
 4 dried  shiitake mushrooms , soaked, stemmed and minced 
 ¼ cup fresh  or  frozen  green peas 
 2 tsp regular  or  low-sodium  soy sauce 
 2 tsp  cornstarch 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 1  egg yolk 
 4 cups  vegetable oil  for deep-frying plus 
 4 tbsp  vegetable oil  for stir-frying 
 2 oz  rice noodles 
 Sauce : 
 1 tbsp  soy sauce 
 1 tbsp  water 
 1 tsp  cornstarch 
 ½ tsp  sesame oil 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 ¼ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 tbsp  rice wine 
 Directions : 
 Filling : 
 Place  TVP  in bowl, cover with chicken-flavored stock and set aside for 1 hour. 
 Meanwhile, separate  lettuce  leaves, and rinse well. 
 Pat dry, and place in two stacks of 8, putting smaller leaves on top. 
 Use cleaver to shape  lettuce  leaves into circles about 4 inches round. 
 Stack, and refrigerate until needed. 
 Wrap pancakes in damp towel to prepare for steaming. 
 Place  onion ,  water chestnuts ,  mushrooms  and  peas  in separate piles on large plate, and set aside. 
 Drain  TVP , squeezing out excess liquid. 
 Combine 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons  cornstarch ,  salt ,  sugar  and  egg  yolk in mixing bowl. 
 Stir in  TVP , and set aside. 
 Sauce : 
 Combine 1 tablespoon soy sauce,  water , 1 teaspoon  cornstarch ,  sesame oil ,  sugar ,  black pepper  and  rice wine  in small bowl, and set aside. 
 Wraps : 
 Heat  oil  for deep-frying to 400°F, or when  rice  noodle placed in  oil  instantly puffs up. 
 Separate noodles, and carefully place in  oil . 
 Using skimmer or slotted spoon, turn noodles over immediately, and cook for total of 10 seconds. 
 Remove from  oil , and drain on paper towels. 
 Place cooked noodles in center of serving platter, and place two stacks of  lettuce  circles at each end of platter. 
 Place wrapped pancakes in steamer basket, and heat over boiling  water  for 3 minutes, or until softened. 
 Fold softened pancakes into quarters, and place overlapping around platter. 
 Heat wok over high heat. 
 Add 2 tablespoons  oil  and stir-fry marinated  TVP  for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden. 
 Using slotted spoon, remove from  oil  and place on plate. 
 Add another 2 tbsp of  oil  to wok, stir-fry  onion  until soft and add remaining vegetables. 
 Return  TVP  to wok, and mix. 
 Stir sauce mixture, and add to wok. Stir-fry for 30 seconds, and pour onto noodle nest on platter. 
 Place two Chinese ceramic spoons in mounded “pigeon meat” for serving. 
 To serve, top pancake with  lettuce  round. 
 Spoon noodles and filling onto  lettuce , and roll up taco-style to eat. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Textured soy protein Recipes, Water chestnut Recipes, Rice noodle Recipes, Pea Recipes, Sake Recipes, Rice wine Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Bibb lettuce Recipes, Rice Recipes, Add category