Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pastels

Description : 
 Pastels  (Pastels aux Poisson, Beignets de Poisson, or pies) are turnovers, i.e., crusts of pastry with stuffing. Pastels are usually fried, but can also be baked. They are usually served with a spicy  tomato sauce . The West African Pastel is similar to the empanada of the Hispanic world, and the samosa of India, even the Chinese wonton, Italian  ravioli , and Polish pierogi (though the later are likely to be cooked in boiling  water  instead of hot  oil ).
fishing in africa
 
 Ingredients : 
 Pastry : 
 3 cups of  all-purpose flour  ( wheat flour ) 
 3  eggs , lightly beaten  or  1 x ¼ ounce envelope of  active dry yeast  ( baker's yeast ) or similar, mixed with a spoonful of warm  water 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup warm  water 
 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil 
 Stuffing : 
 a few spoonfuls of  oil 
 1 to two pounds ( mackerel ,  mullet ,  tuna ,  grouper , or whatever), filleted, skin and bones removed 
 1  onion , finely chopped (optional) 
 1  carrot , finely chopped (optional) 
 1 clove of  garlic , minced (optional) 
 1 bunch of  parsley , chopped (optional) 
 2 tablespoons  tomato paste 
 salt ,  black pepper ,  cayenne pepper  or red pepper (to taste) 
 Sauce : 
 2  tomatoes , skin removed and chopped 
 1  sweet green pepper , finely chopped 
 1  onion , finely chopped 
 1 cup  vegetable oil 
 1 clove of  garlic , minced (or  garlic powder ) 
 1 bunch chopped  parsley , chopped 
 chile pepper , cleaned and finely chopped 
 2 tablespoons  tomato paste 
 2 cups  water 
 salt ,  black pepper ,  cayenne pepper  or red pepper (to taste) 
 Directions : 
 All pastry ingredients should be allowed to come to room temperature if they have been in the refrigerator. In a large mixing bowl combine the  flour ,  eggs  or  yeast , and  salt . Slowly mix in the  water  so as to make a thick dough. Knead for a few minutes. Cover with a clean cloth and set aside in a warm place (like the oven, briefly heated then turned off) to rest. If using  yeast , the dough should rest for at least an hour or two. 
 While the dough is resting: Heat  oil  in a skillet. Fry the and vegetables ingredients for stuffing. Reduce heat. Add  tomato  paste and enough  water  to keep the mixture moist, cover, and simmer for half an hour. Adjust seasoning. Chop into small pieces. 
 Heat  oil  in a separate pot. Fry the vegetable ingredients for sauce. Reduce heat. Add  tomato  paste and  water , cover, and simmer. Adjust seasoning. 
 Roll the dough into a sheet about a quarter of an inch (0.6 centimeter) thick. Cut the dough into pieces, each about the size of your hand. (An inverted bowl can be used to cut circles, or you cut them into squares.) Place a spoonful of the stuffing mixture in the center of each piece of dough, fold the dough over the stuffing, and crimp the edges together. 
 Fry the pastels in hot  oil . Use a skillet with an half inch of  oil , or a pot with enough  oil  to allow the pastels to float. Fry the pastels until they are golden brown, turning them at least once. Fry only a few at a time, not letting them touch each other while frying. When each batch is done, place the pastels on a paper towel, and place in a warm oven until all are done. 
 Garnish with a little left over  parsley . Serve with a bowl filled with the warm dipping sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Senegalese Meat Dishes, Senegalese Snacks, Savory pastry Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Instant yeast Recipes, Baker's yeast Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Seafish Recipes, Mullet Recipes, Grouper Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category