Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cream_of_Tortilla_Soup

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 x 14½-ounce cans  chicken broth 
 ½ cup (½ stick)  butter 
 1 medium  onion , diced 
 ½ cup diced  celery 
 2  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1 medium  tomato , chopped 
 2 tablespoons minced fresh  chives 
 1½ cups crushed unsalted  tortilla chips 
 1 tablespoon  all purpose flour 
 ¼ cup  whipping cream 
 1 cup grated Monterey  jack cheese  (about 4 ounces) 
 1 cup grated  cheddar  cheese (about 4 ounces) 
 2 teaspoons  chili powder 
 2 teaspoons ground  cumin 
 crushed unsalted  tortilla chips 
 Directions : 
 Bring  chicken broth  to boil in small saucepan over medium heat. 
 Meanwhile, melt  butter  in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. 
 Add  onion ,  celery  and  garlic  and saute until  onion  is translucent, about 4 minutes. 
 Reserve 1 tablespoon chopped  tomato  and 2 tablespoon  chives  for garnish. 
 Add remaining  tomato ,  chives  and 1½ cups tortilla chips to saucepan and saute 2 minutes. 
 Reduce heat to low. 
 Sprinkle 1 tablespoon  flour  over and stir mixture for 2 minutes. 
 Stir  chicken broth  into tortilla mixture. 
 Cover and bring to boil. 
 Reduce heat. 
 Stir in whipping  cream . 
 Add grated jack and  cheddar  cheese and stir mixture until  cheese  is melted and well blended. 
 Add  chili powder  and  cumin . 
 Season to taste with  salt  and  pepper  (Can be prepared 1 day ahead, Cover tightly and refrigerate. Rewarm soup over low heat, stirring frequently). 
 Ladle into bowls. 
 Sprinkle each with some of reserved  tomato  and  chives  and crushed tortilla chips and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Soup Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Onion Recipes, Celery Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Corn chip Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Chives Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Jack cheese Recipes, Recipes that need photos, World Recipes, Add category