Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Flancocho


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 For the caramel
 
 1 cup  Sugar 
 1 cup Water 
 For the  Flancocho :
 (A)
 
 4  eggs 
 1 can (12 oz)  evaporated milk  (like  carnation ) 
 1 can (14 oz)  sweetened condensed milk  (like Nestle) 
 1 teaspoonful  vanilla extract 
 a pinch of ground  cinnamon 
 (B)
 
 1  chocolate  or  vanilla  sponge cake 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the caramel. Heat the  Sugar  over medium to medium high heat until it turns to a  brown caramel. Pour (careful, scalding hot!) into the upper half of the Ba–o Maria (or the smaller mold if using the oven) so that it covers the whole bottom and about one inch or so of the sides of the Ba–o Maria pot or the mold. 
 In a separate dish, beat the  eggs  lightly. Add the remaining ingredients included in (A) in the order listed, stirring lightly after each addition. Mix thoroughly after all ingredients have been added. 
 Pour the mixture into the Ba–o Maria upper portion slowly so as not to disrupt the caramel layer. 
 Set the sponge cake in the center of the mold and allow a few minutes for the cake to soak up the mixture and settle into it. 
 Fill the lower portion of the boiler (Ba–o Mar’a) with  water  and heat to boiling. Lower heat to medium, fit the upper portion in place and cover. Cook for about thirty minutes. Test for consistency by inserting a toothpick through the middle of the Flan. When it comes out clean, the Flan is cooked. Cooking time may be longer when done in the oven. 
 Allow to cool. Insert the table knife along the side of the Flan and go all the way around the pot to loosen the edges. Continue to cool at room temperature for about 7 hours. Cover with a platter and turn upside down until it drops in the platter. If necessary, tap lightly on the bottom of the pan until you feel the weight of the Flan on the bottom platter. 
 
 
 
Categories: Carnation Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Puerto Rican Desserts, Puerto Rican Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Sweetened condensed milk Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Add category