Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/The_%E2%80%9CFingers_of_Cyprus%E2%80%9D


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 For the  phylo 
 
 2½ cups  flour , soft 
 ¼ cup fresh  butter 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 6 tablespoons  water 
 For the stuffing
 
 2 cups  almond  kernels 
 2 tablespoons  Sugar 
 some  cinnamon 
 some  rosewater 
 For frying
 
 peanut oil  or  olive oil 
 orange peel 
 For the syrup
 
 2 cups  Sugar 
 2 cups  water 
 1 cup  honey 
 ½  lemon juice 
 For garnishing
 
 ½ cup  almond  kernels, roasted and grated 
 ½ teaspoon  cinnamon 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the dough for the  phylo . Grate the  flour  with the  butter , then add the  salt , the  lemon juice  and the  water  little by little. Knead all the ingredients until you have a smooth mixture. Leave the dough to rest for approximately 1 hour. 
 Prepare the stuffing. Grate the  almond  kernels and add the  Sugar  and the  cinnamon . Pour some  rosewater , as much as is necessary in order to shape them. 
 Roll open the dough with the rolling pin to make a thin  phylo . Cut the  phylo  into small square pieces approximately 5x8 cm, then moist them with some  water  using a brush. 
 Place on each square piece one teaspoon of stuffing and roll the  phylo  into a strip. Pinch, using a fork, the two sides of the strip so the stuffing will remain in the roll. 
 In a large skillet, warm plenty of  oil  with the  orange peel , then once the peel turns dark remove it and fry in a high temperature at first then medium later until the "fingers" turn golden brown. 
 Remove them with a fork and place them on absorbent paper and preserve them warm. 
 Prepare the syrup. Boil in a pot for 5 minutes the  Sugar  with the  water  then pour the  honey  with some  lemon juice  and stir until the  honey  melts. Sink the "fingers" in the warm syrup for a few minutes and remove. 
 Combine the  almond  kernels with the  cinnamon . Place the "fingers" on a platter and sprinkle the mixture on top. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Cypriot Desserts, Cypriot Recipes, Honey Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rose water Recipes, Add category