Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Galinha_com_Caju

Description : 
 Chicken with cashew nuts
 
 Ingredients : 
 2½- to 3-pound  chicken , cut into 8 serving pieces 
 ¼ cup  peanut oil  or  vegetable oil 
 1 cup finely chopped  onions 
 ½ cup  chicken stock , fresh or canned 
 ½ cup fresh  coconut milk  made from ½ cup coarsely chopped  coconut  and ½ cup hot  water 
 4 whole  cloves 
 1 cup coarsely chopped unsalted roasted  cashews 
 2 tablespoons strained fresh  lime juice 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Pat the  chicken  completely dry with paper towels. 
 In a heavy 10- to 12- inch skillet, heat the  oil  over moderate heat until a light haze forms above it. 
 Brown the  chicken  in the hot  oil , a few pieces at a time, starting them skin side down and turning them frequently with tongs so that they color richly on all sides. 
 As it browns, transfer the  chicken  to a plate. 
 Pour off all but a thin film of fat from the skillet and drop in the  onions . 
 Stirring frequently and scraping in the brown particles that cling to the bottom and sides of the pan, cook for about 5 minutes, until the  onions  are soft and translucent. 
 Watch carefully for any sign of burning and regulate the heat accordingly. 
 Add the  chicken stock ,  coconut milk  and cloves and, stirring constantly, bring to a simmer over moderate heat. 
 Return the  chicken  and any juices that have accumulated around it to the skillet and turn them about with a spoon to coat them evenly with the  onion  mixture. 
 Reduce the heat to its lowest point and cook partially covered for about 30 minutes. 
 The  chicken  is done when the dark meat shows no resistance to the point of a small, sharp knife. 
 Transfer the  chicken  to a plate with tongs or a slotted spoon and drape with foil to keep it warm. 
 Pour the cooking liquid into a fine sieve set over a bowl. 
 Pick out and discard the cloves and rub the  onions  through the sieve with the back of a large wooden spoon. 
 (there should be about 1 cup of liquid; if necessary add more  chicken stock  or  water . 
 ) pour the liquid into the skillet and bring to a simmer over moderate heat. 
 Stirring constantly, add the cashews,  lime juice  and  pepper . 
 Return the  chicken  to the pan, baste it well with the simmering sauce, and cook for a few minutes to heat the pieces of  chicken  through. 
 Taste for seasoning and serve at once from a heated bowl or platter. 
 Galinha com  caju  is usually accompanied by hot boiled  rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cashew Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mozambican Meat Dishes, Peanut oil Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Add category