Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mee_Rebus

Description : 
       Mee Rebus     
 A true marriage between Chinese and Malay kitchen. Thick boiled yellow noodles with fried  tofu , shallots, bean sprouts,  egg  and green chilles topped with a rich  shrimp  sauce of Malay mixed spices and  Chinese bean paste  thickened with  sweet potatoes ! Perfect!!
 
 Ingredients : 
 thick yellow noodles  (oiled noodles) 
 bean sprouts 
 beef  finely sliced 
 prawns , shelled and keep the shells 
 sweet potato flour  (or other  flour  for thickening) 
 sweet potatoes  (or  potatoes ) 
 coconut milk 
 eggs 
 tofu 
 shallots , finely sliced 
 sour lime  (or  lime juice ) 
 dark soy sauce  (optional) 
 green chili , sliced (optional) 
 shrimp  fry (baby  shrimp ) 
 Rempah (Spice paste) : 
 garlic 
 dried  chile 
 onion 
 turmeric 
 shallots 
 galangal 
 blacan ( shrimp paste ) 
 coriander powder 
 bean paste  (taocheo) 
 ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Fry prawn shells in a little  oil  for several minutes, add  water  to make stock. 
 Strain. 
 Peel and boil  sweet potatoes , then mash. 
 Boil  eggs , shell and cut into four. 
 Prepare rempah in blender, add prawn and blend till smooth. 
 Fry finely sliced shallots. 
 Cut  tofu  into small cubes and deep fried in  oil . 
 Dry fry the baby shrimps. 
 Fry rempah in  oil  till fragrant, add  beef  add prawn stock,  coconut milk , mashed  sweet potatoes . 
 Thicken further with sweet  potato flour  (first mixed with  water ). 
 The sauce should be thick and creamy. 
 Bring to boil and season to taste with  salt  and  sugar . 
 Bring a pot of  water  to boil, blanch  bean sprouts . 
 Briefly boiled the noodles. 
 To serve, place noodles and  bean sprouts  in a bowl and pour sauce over. 
 Add fried  tofu ,  eggs , fried shallots, fried baby  shrimp  and squeeze  lime  over. 
 Green chilis and dark  soy sauce  are optional. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3d/Meerebus3.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080516004401']
Categories: Beef Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Deep-sea prawn Recipes, Galangal Recipes, Hokkien noodle Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Potato Recipes, Potato starch Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Add category