Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Hearty_Meat_Pizza

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Better Homes and Gardens 
 Prep: 40 minutes | Bake: 20 minutes 
 Makes 6 to 8 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 2¾ to 3¼ cups  all-purpose flour 
 1 package  active dry yeast 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 1 cup warm  water  (120°F to 130°F) 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 ½ Pound  ground beef  and/or bulk  Italian sausage   or   pork sausage 
 1 cup chopped  onion 
 1 x 3½-ounce package sliced  pepperoni 
 1 cup cut-up Canadian-style  bacon 
 1 cup chopped  green sweet pepper 
 2 cups shredded  mozzarella  cheese (8 ounces) 
 ¼ cup grated  Parmesan  or  Romano  cheese 
 ¾ cup chopped  onion 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil ,  margarine , or  butter 
 1 x 14½-ounce can  tomatoes , cut up 
 1 x 8-ounce can  tomato sauce 
 1  bay leaf 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  basil  or 1 teaspoon dried  basil , crushed 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  oregano  or 1 teaspoon dried  oregano , crushed. 
 1 teaspoon  fennel seed , crushed (optional) 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar 
 ¼ teaspoon  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Sauce : 
 Cook the ¾ cup chopped  onion  and  garlic  in 1 tablespoon  oil . 
 Stir in  tomatoes ,  tomato sauce ,  bay leaf ,  basil ,  oregano ,  fennel seed  (if using),  sugar  and  pepper . 
 Bring to boiling. Reduce heat; Simmer, uncovered, for 35 to 40 minutes or to desired consistency, stirring occasionally. Discard  bay leaf . [1] 
 Crust : 
 Meanwhile in a large bowl combine 1¼ cups of the  flour , the  yeast , and the  salt . 
 Add warm  water  and 2 tablespoons  oil . 
 Beat with an electric mixer on low speed for 30 seconds, scraping bowl constantly. 
 Beat on high speed for 3 minutes. 
 Using a spoon, stir in as much of the remaining  flour  as you can. 
 Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. 
 Knead in enough remaining  flour  to make a moderately stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes total). 
 Divide dough in half. Cover and let rest 10 minutes. [2] 
 Pizza : 
 Grease two 11- to 13-inch pizza pans or baking sheets. 
 On a lightly floured surface roll each half of dough into a circle 1 inch larger than pizza pan. Transfer to pans. 
 Build up edges slightly. Flute edges, if desired. Prick dough generously with a fork. Do not let rise. 
 Bake in a 425°F oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. 
 Meanwhile, in a large skillet cook  ground beef  and/or  sausage  and the 1 cup chopped  onion  until meat is brown and  onion  is tender. Drain fat. 
 Spread pizza sauce over hot crusts. 
 Sprinkle with meat mixture. 
 Top with pepperoni, Canadian-style  bacon , and  green sweet pepper . 
 Sprinkle with  mozzarella  and  Parmesan  or  Romano  cheese. 
 Bake for 10 to 12 minutes more or until cheese melts and sauce is bubbly. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza sauce; cool. Transfer to freezer container. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 ↑   Make-ahead tip: Prepare pizza dough; divide into 2 equal portions. Place in plastic freezer bags. Seal, label, and freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Bacon Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Pork sausage Recipes, Romano Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, World Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Pepperoni Recipes, Onion Recipes, Water Recipes, Add category