Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rice_with_Mountain_Vegetables_and_Spicy_Sauce

Ingredients : 
 4 cups Korean  or  Japanese  short-grain rice , soaked for 20 minutes 
 5½ tbsp  sesame oil 
 1 cup dried  bellflower   or  2 cups thinly sliced  oyster mushrooms 
 3½ tsp chopped  garlic 
 2 tsp + 1 tbsp  salt 
 1½ tsp  red pepper powder   or   paprika 
 2 cups dried  fernbracken   or  2  yellow summer squash , sliced into 2-inch-long matchsticks 
 5½ tbsp + 1 tsp  soy sauce 
 6½ tbsp  vegetable oil 
 1 tbsp  sesame salt   or   table salt 
 1 tbsp  scallion  strips, about ½  scallion 
 6 dried  pyogo  ( shiitake mushrooms ), soaked for 20 minutes 
 2 tbsp  granulated sugar 
 2 tbsp cooking  wine 
 1  carrot , quartered and sliced into 2-inch-long matchsticks 
 ½ medium-sized  onion , sliced into 2-inch-long matchsticks 
 1  cucumber , peeled, seeded and sliced into 2-inch-long matchsticks 
 2 cups (about ¼ lb)  bean sprouts , rinsed 
 1 bunch (½ lb)  spinach , rinsed, trimmed and blanched 
 ½  Korean pear   or  crisp, tart  apple , sliced into 2-inch-long matchsticks 
 6 tsp  red pepper paste , or more to taste 
 6 fried  eggs 
 1 sheet  laver  (seaweed), cut into 1-inch-long x ¼-inch-wide strips 
 Directions : 
 Bring 4 to 4¼ cups  water  to a boil in large saucepan over medium heat, and stir in  rice . 
 Cover, reduce heat to low and cook about 20 minutes. 
 When cooked, remove from heat, add 2 tablespoons  sesame oil  and mix thoroughly. 
 Keep  rice  covered until ready to serve. 
 Place bellflower in saucepan with  water  to cover, and cook for 10 minutes over medium heat. 
 Discard  water , and repeat process. 
 Place bellflower in saucepan with lightly salted  water  to cover, and cook over medium heat for 20 minutes, or until bitterness is gone and bellflower is easy to slice. 
 Remove from heat, drain and cut each root into strips. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry bellflower with ½ teaspoon chopped  garlic , ½ teaspoon  salt  and ¼ teaspoon red pepper powder. 
 Add 3 to 4 tablespoons  water , and cover. 
 Cook about 10 minutes, or until tender, remove from heat and stir in ¼ teaspoon  sesame oil . 
 Set aside. 
 Alternatively, heat 1 tablespoon  oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry oyster  mushrooms  with ½ teaspoon chopped  garlic , ½ teaspoon  salt  and ¼ teaspoon red pepper powder. 
 Cook about 5 minutes, or until tender, remove from heat and stir in ¼ teaspoon  sesame oil . 
 Set aside. 
 Place fernbracken in saucepan with  water  to cover, and cook for 10 minutes over medium heat. 
 Discard  water , and repeat process. 
 Remove from heat, drain and cut fernbracken into 2-inch-long pieces. 
 Place pieces in bowl, and season with 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons chopped  garlic , ½ tablespoon  vegetable oil  and ½ teaspoon red pepper powder. 
 Alternatively, place summer  squash  matchsticks in bowl, and season with 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons chopped  garlic , ½ tablespoon cooking  oil , and ½ teaspoon red pepper powder. 
 Set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry fernbracken, adding  water  to cover and cooking 15 minutes, or until tender. 
 Remove from heat, drain and mix with 1 tablespoon  sesame salt , 1 tablespoon  scallion  strips and 1 tablespoon  sesame oil . 
 Set aside. 
 Alternatively, heat 1 tablespoon  oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry summer  squash  matchsticks 2 to 3 minutes, or until translucent. 
 Remove from heat, drain and mix with 1 tablespoon  sesame salt , 1 tablespoon  scallion  strips and 1 tablespoon  sesame oil . 
 Set aside. 
 Stem  mushrooms , and slice thinly. 
 Place in saucepan with  mushroom  soaking  water . 
 Add 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons  sugar , 2 tablespoons cooking wine, and cook over medium heat 10 minutes, or until tender. 
 Set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry  carrots , adding ½ teaspoon  salt  and a few teaspoons  water  to prevent burning. 
 Cook 3 to 4 minutes, remove from heat and set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry  onion , adding ½ teaspoon  salt  and a few teaspoons  water  to prevent burning. 
 Cook 3 to 4 minutes, remove from heat and set aside. 
 Sprinkle  cucumber  with ½ tablespoon  salt , and let stand. 
 When limp, squeeze hard. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry  cucumber  about 1 minute. 
 Remove from heat, and set aside. 
 Heat 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil  in skillet or large wok, and stir-fry  bean sprouts  with ½ teaspoon  garlic . 
 Add  salt  and sprinkle of  water , cover and cook until  bean sprouts  are softened, about 3 minutes. 
 Season with 1 tablespoon  sesame oil  and 1 teaspoon red pepper powder. 
 Squeeze out  water  from  spinach , and mix with ½ tablespoon  sesame oil  and ½ tablespoon soy sauce. 
 To serve, fill bottom of individual shallow bowl with  rice . 
 Alternate vegetables and  pear  side by side on  rice  like rays of sun, placing 1 teaspoon red pepper paste in center. 
 Place  egg  near red pepper paste. 
 Sprinkle slivers of  laver  on top, and serve. 
 Repeat process with remaining ingredients until all used up. 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Asian pear Recipes, Mung bean sprout Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cucumber Recipes, Doraji Recipes, Egg Recipes, Fiddlehead Recipes, Laver Recipes, Oyster mushroom Recipes, Add category