Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fig-glazed_Roast_Turkey_with_Cornbread_Stuffing

Description : 
 Recipe courtesy Tyler Florence, 2007
 
 Episode: Dear Food Network: Thanksgiving 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1 (10 to 12 pound) fresh  turkey 
 kosher salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 2 sticks  unsalted butter , 1 to rub under the skin of the bird and 1 for the glaze 
 1½ cups dried California  figs , pitted and roughly chopped 
 ¼ cup  honey 
 2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 3 cups warm  water 
 ½ cup  balsamic vinegar 
 Stuffing : 
 extra-virgin  olive oil 
 2 large  onions , finely chopped 
 1 tablespoon finely chopped  rosemary  leaves 
 ½ pound sweet  Italian sausage 
 10 large  cornbread  muffins, torn into pieces, or 1 loaf cornbread, cubed (about 5 cups) 
 1½ cups hydrated dried  figs 
 2  eggs , lightly beaten 
 ½ cup  heavy cream 
 3 cups  chicken stock , homemade or store-bought, divided 
 Directions : 
 Begin by re-hydrating the figs. 
 In a large mixing bowl add the figs, honey, lemon juice and cover with warm water. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 20 to 25 minutes until the figs are tender and soft. 
 Strain the figs and reserve the liquid - as this will be the base for the glaze. 
 Stuffing : 
 Heat a little extra-virgin olive oil over medium heat and gently saute the onions with rosemary. 
 Add the sweet Italian sausage and continue to saute until browned, 10 to 12 minutes. 
 When done, scrape it all into a large mixing bowl, add the cornbread pieces and figs and season well with salt and pepper. Give it a good toss until it's well combined. 
 In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, and ½ cup stock, and pour that over the cornbread. 
 Stir the stuffing together and set it aside while you work on the turkey. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Bird : 
 Rinse the bird thoroughly inside and out with cold water, and pat dry with paper towels. 
 Sprinkle the cavity and skin liberally with salt and pepper. 
 Using your fingers, gently lift the skin from the turkey breast and using 1 stick of butter, massage it onto the breast meat. 
 Stuff the bird with the cornbread stuffing and truss it (or just cross the legs over one another and tie with a piece of kitchen twine). 
 Put the turkey on a rack in a large roasting pan, and place in the oven. 
 Glaze : 
 In a small saucepan set the fig mixture over medium heat and bring to a simmer to reduce, 10 to 12 minutes. 
 Add the balsamic vinegar and the other stick of butter cut into cubes and continue to reduce until syrupy. 
 This is the fig glaze used to baste the turkey. 
 Roasting : 
 Roast the turkey for 2 hours, and baste with the fig glaze when there is about 20 minutes remaining, coating the turkey well with the glaze. 
 Continue cooking until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the meaty part of the thigh registers 170°F. 
 The thigh juices will run clear when pricked with a knife, about 3 hours total (15 minutes per pound). 
 If the legs or breast brown too quickly during roasting, cover them with foil. 
 
 
 
Categories: Balsamic vinegar Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Cornbread Recipes, Dried fig Recipes, Egg Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Honey Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tyler Florence Recipes, Add category