Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Napoleons_with_Red_Peppers,_Asparagus,_Feta_and_Red_Pepper_Sauce


 
 Ingredients : 
 Napoleons : 
 1 sheet frozen  puff pastry , partially thawed 
 16 slender  asparagus  spears, trimmed to 5-inch lengths 
 6 large  eggs 
 1 x 4-oz. pkg. crumbled  feta  cheese  or  crumbled vegan  cheese 
 Red pepper sauce : 
 1 x 13¾-oz. can water-packed roasted  red peppers ,  or  2 roasted  red peppers 
 1¼ cups nonfat  milk   or   soymilk 
 2 tbsp  unsalted butter   or  soy  margarine 
 2 tbsp  all-purpose flour 
 ½ tsp seasoning  salt , or to taste 
 ½ tsp freshly ground  black pepper , or to taste 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Spray a baking sheet with nonstick  cooking spray . 
 To make the Napoleons : 
 Open the  puff pastry  sheet out flat, and slice it in half across the 3 fold lines. 
 Cut the halved sheet into 3 strips along the fold lines for a total of 6 pastry rectangles. 
 Reserve 2 of the rectangles for another use. 
 Place the remaining 4 pastry pieces on the baking sheet, and bake for 15 minutes. 
 Remove from the oven, and set aside. 
 Red pepper sauce : 
 Meanwhile, rinse the 2 roasted  peppers , cut 4 strips to the size of the pastry pieces and set aside. 
 Put the remaining  red peppers  into a blender or food processor with ½ cup  milk  or  soymilk , and purée until smooth. 
 Melt the  butter  in a saucepan over medium heat, and stir in the  flour  until well blended. 
 Add the remaining  milk , and continue cooking until the mixture starts to boil. 
 Reduce the heat to low, and stir in the puréed  peppers ,  salt  and  pepper . 
 Stir occasionally until ready to serve. 
 Steam the  asparagus  spears until tender, for about 5 minutes. Set aside. 
 Spray a 10-inch skillet with nonstick  cooking spray , and heat over medium heat. 
 Beat the  eggs , stir into the skillet and cook until set, lifting the edges so any uncooked  eggs  run underneath. 
 Turn the cooked  eggs  out onto a large plate, and slice the  eggs  into 4 uniform rectangles to layer on the pastry. 
 Reserve any remaining cooked  egg  for another use. 
 To assemble the Napoleons : 
 Cut each piece of baked pastry in half lengthwise. 
 Layer an  egg  rectangle, 1 tablespoon of  cheese , 1 rectangle of roasted  pepper  and 4  asparagus  spears onto one-half of the pastry, and top with the remaining piece of pastry. 
 Repeat until all ingredients are used up. 
 Bake for 7 to 10 minutes, or until heated through. 
 Remove from the oven, and place on individual serving plates. 
 Top with about ¼ cup of the  red pepper sauce , and sprinkle each serving with equal amounts of remaining  feta  cheese. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Asparagus Recipes, Egg Recipes, Feta Recipes, Puff pastry Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category