Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chinese_five-spice_powder


 Browse All Chinese five-spice powder Recipes 
       Chinese five-spice powder     
 Contents 
 
 1   Name Variations 
 2   About Chinese five-spice powder 
 3   Chinese five-spice powder Recipes 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Name Variations : 
 seven-spice powder 
 five-spice powder 
 five-fragrance powder 
 five heavenly spices 
 five perfumes 
 five-flavored powder 
 About Chinese five-spice powder : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Chinese five-spice powder on Wikipedia 
 Five-spice powder (五香粉, wǔxiāngfěn in hanyu pinyin) is a convenient seasoning for Chinese cuisine, particularly Cantonese cuisine. It incorporates the five basic flavours of Chinese cooking — sweet, sour, bitter, pungent, and salty. It consists of China Tung Hing cinnamon (actually a type of cassia), powdered cassia buds, powdered star anise and anise seed, ginger root, and ground cloves. Another recipe for the powder consists of cinnamon, black pepper, cloves, fennel seed, and star anise. Szechuan pepper can also be used. It is used in most recipes for Cantonese roasted duck, as well as beef stew.
 The formulae are based on the Chinese philosophy of balancing the yin and yang in food. A pinch of the powder goes a long way.
 Although this spice is used in restaurant cooking, many Chinese households never use it in day-to-day cooking. In Hawaii some restaurants have it on the table.
 A versatile seasoned salt can be easily made by stir-frying common salt with five spice powder under low heat in a dry pan until the spice and salt are well mixed.
 Used extensively in Chinese cooking, this pungent mixture of five ground spices usually consists of equal parts of cinnamon, cloves, fennel seed, star anise and Szechuan peppercorns.
 
 Chinese five-spice powder Recipes : 
 See also : 
 Panch phoron 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/04/ChineseFive-SpicePowder.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004300']
Categories: Herb and spice mixes, Add category