Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Russian_Voreniki

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 A traditional Russian recipe that has been in our family for over 100 years. I have made some modifications to tenderize the dough and also make them tastier. 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 DOUGH 
 
 2 large  eggs 
 3/4 cup whole  milk , homogenized 
 1/4 cup  whipping cream 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 2 1/2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 FILLING 
 
 3 cups  ricotta cheese 
 2 large  eggs , beaten 
 3/4 cup finely chopped  green onions 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 1/2 teaspoon  black pepper 
 1/2 cup melted  butter 
 1/2 cup  sour cream  or plain  yogurt 
 1/4 cup finely chopped  green onions  or  chives 
 
 
 Directions : 
 DOUGH PREPARATION--------------. 
 In a medium size mixing bowl, add  eggs ,  milk ,  whipping cream  and  salt  and whisk well to blend. 
 Add  baking powder  and stir in gently. 
 In a large mixing bowl, combine  flour  and  egg  mixture and mix well to incorporate. 
 Add additional  flour  if necessary so that dough does not stick to the bowl or feel sticky. 
 Form dough into a ball and knead about 10 times. 
 Divide dough in half, form into balls, wrap each ball in plastic wrap and set aside. 
 FILLING--------------. 
 Squeeze out as much liquid from  ricotta cheese  and discard. 
 In a large mixing bowl, add  ricotta cheese  and beaten  eggs  and mix well to blend. 
 Add chopped  green onions ,  salt  and  black pepper  and mix to incorporate. 
 Break off pieces of dough and form into balls about the size of a golf ball. 
 On a floured surface, roll out each ball to a round about 1/16 inch thickness, turning at least once during rolling. 
 Place dough into a 5 inch"MINI FORM" and make sure that the dough projects over the edges. 
 Spoon about 2 tablespoons of filling into the centre, lift one edge of the"MINI FORM" and lightly press push the filling down. 
 Now fold the"MINI FORM" completely over and squeeze tightly. 
 Remove any excess dough by running your finger around the folded edge and set dough aside to be use again. 
 Continue to form the Voreniki until all dough and filling are used up. 
 If you have any filling left over, cover and refrigerate to be used within 2 days. 
 TO COOK--------------. 
 Fill a  Pasta  cooker or a large cooking pot 3/4 full with  water  and bring to a rolling boil. 
 Add 2 tablespoons of  olive oil  and 1 tablespoon of  salt  to the  water . 
 While the  water  is boiling, drop 6 formed Voreniki, stir once carefully with a slotted spoon so that the Voreniki do not stick together. 
 Cook for 3 minutes total as they will rise to the surface after cooking for about 1 1/2 minutes. 
 Remove with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl. 
 If desired, sprinkle some melted  butter  over the Voreniki. 
 DO NOT add melted  butter  if you are going to freeze the Voreniki. 
 Serve immediately with additional melted  butter , a dollop of  sour cream  or  yogurt  and a sprinkling of chopped  green onions  or  chives . 
 To reheat, you can drop them again into boiling  water  for about 1 1/2 minutes. 
 You can also fry the Voreniki in a small amount of  butter , cover and fry on medium-high for 1 minute on each side or until lightly browned. 
 TO FREEZE--------------. 
 Place on a tray or cookie sheet in a single layer and freeze. 
 Then package them in zip-loc bags or vacuum seal in bags in desired amounts. 
 To reheat frozen Voreniki; let thaw for about 1/2 hour and then fry in a small almount of  butter  as noted above. 
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chives Recipes, Czech Recipes, Czech Vegetarian, Light whipping cream Recipes, Pasta Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category