Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fritters

Description : 
 Fritters  are bite-sized pieces of fruit, vegetable, meat or  Cheese  coated in a seasoned  flour  batter and deep-fried. Fritters and similar foods have been popular all over the world for centuries: think of  Apple  Fritters in England, Frittelle di Ricotta in Italy;  Onion  Rings in the United States, Pakoras in India, and Tempura in Japan. Fritters are a popular snack food all over Africa, perhaps most popular in Western Africa, where they are often made with  bananas ,  maize , or  pineapple . For European-American style dinners, fritters make a good side dish or dessert.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Batter : 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour , sifted 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 salt  and  pepper , to taste 
 Or : 
 1 teaspoon  Sugar  or  brown sugar 
 (use  salt  and  pepper  for vegetable fritters; use  Sugar  for fruit fritters) 
 2  eggs , beaten 
 1 cup  milk  or  water 
 2 tablespoons cooking  oil 
 Main Ingredient : 
 two cups of any one of the following:
 
 corn  ( maize ); (fresh, off the cob; or canned, drained) 
 okra , cleaned and sliced 
 bananas , peeled and sliced 
 pineapple , sliced or cut into chunks (fresh; or canned, drained) 
 cooked, mashed  pumpkin 
 cooked, mashed  sweet potato 
 any other fruit or vegetable 
 oil  for deep frying 
 Directions : 
 Prepare batter by mixing all ingredients in a bowl. 
 Add a bit more liquid if necessary. Batter should be thick enough to cling to a spoon without dripping. 
 Pour  oil  into deep skillet or pot, to a depth of one to two inches. Heat  oil  to 375°F (190°C). 
 If using small ingredients like  corn , or  okra  slices, or  banana  slices: 
 Stir the ingredient into the batter. Carefully spoon the batter into the  oil . 
 Fry until golden brown, turning a few times. 
 If using large ingredients like  pineapple  slices: 
 Dip the ingredient into the batter. Carefully transfer to the  oil . 
 Fry until golden brown, turning a few times. 
 
 
 
Categories: Fritter Recipes, Senegalese Snacks, Banana Recipes, Potato Recipes, Sweet potato Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Corn Recipes, Apple Recipes, Okra Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category