Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Panfried_Tofu_with_Oriental_Garlic_Sauce

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 (16 ounce) block extra-firm or  firm tofu , rinsed 
 4 teaspoons  cornstarch 
 1 cup  water 
 2 to 3 tablespoons soy sauce 
 1 tablespoon  cider vinegar 
 1 tablespoon  Scotch 
 2 teaspoons  granulated sugar 
 1/8 teaspoon  salt 
 2 1/2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 3 large  garlic  cloves, minced 
 1 (1-inch) cube peeled  fresh ginger  root, minced 
 1 teaspoon Oriental  sesame oil 
 1  scallion , minced 
 1 cup cooked  rice  as an accompaniment, if; desired 
 Directions : 
 Cut the  tofu  crosswise into 4 slices and let the slices drain between a double thickness of paper towels for 20 minutes.
 While the  tofu  is draining, in a small bowl dissolve the  cornstarch  in 1/4 cup of the  water  and stir in the remaining 3/4 cup  water , the soy sauce to taste, the  vinegar , the  Scotch , the  Sugar , and the  salt .
 In a heavy saucepan heat 1 1/2 tablespoons of the  vegetable oil  over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it stir-fry the  garlic  until it is pale golden, being careful not to let it burn. Add the  gingerroot  and stir-fry the mixture for 30 seconds. Stir the soy sauce mixture, add it to the  garlic  mixture, stirring, and bring the sauce to a boil, stirring. Simmer the sauce for 2 minutes, stir in the  sesame oil , and keep the sauce warm.
 In a nonstick skillet heat the remaining 1 tablespoon  vegetable oil  over high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the  tofu  on all sides, turning it with tongs and transferring it as it is browned to paper towels to drain. Divide the  tofu  between 2 plates and spoon the sauce over it. Sprinkle the  scallion  over each serving and serve the  tofu  with the  rice .
 Serves 2.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cider vinegar Recipes, Firm tofu Recipes, Rice Recipes, Scotch Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Soy Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Add category