Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Slaphakskeentjies

Description : 
 South African with a Afrikaans name (Malawian, some might argue Chadian) onion salad. Delicious with all meats, and well suited to winter meals as well. Preparation time includes the rather finicky task of peeling the little  onions !!
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 – 5 cups  onions , the small pickling kind, peeled, and kept whole 
 Dressing : 
 2 large  eggs 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 1½ teaspoons  mustard powder 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon  white pepper 
 cider vinegar  or  wine vinegar  or grape  vinegar 
 Directions : 
 Boil the  onions  in salted  water  until just done. 
 They should on no account be too soft or fall apart! drain and put in a bowl. 
 Beat the  eggs  very well, until foamy. 
 Add the  mustard  powder to the  sugar . 
 Slowly add the  sugar  to the  eggs , and keep beating well until  sugar  is incorporated. 
 Add the  salt  and  white pepper . 
 Add  vinegar  little by little to the egg- sugar  mixture, beat in, and keep tasting until you have a sweet-sour taste. 
 You can use a double boiler for the last step, but it will take longer to get the dressing to boiling point. 
 Most of us use a small, heavy-bottomed pot. 
 Put on low heat, enough to bring the mixture to an almost-simmer, but you must stir all the time. 
 A whisk for the stirring works well. 
 The dressing might become foamy while being heated, which is normal. 
 Do not use high heat, but stir until the mixture thickens, then remove from heat and keep stirring until it cools a little: if it cooks, the  egg  will separate. 
 The dressing should be approximately the consistency of  mayonnaise  — pourable but thick. 
 If you are at all worried about the  eggs  separating, add ½ teaspoon  cornflour  to the  sugar / mustard  mixture. 
 This might make the dressing slightly thicker, but might prevent the  eggs  separating. 
 It's still best just to keep an eagle eye on the heat of the pot and the dressing. 
 Normally nothing goes wrong. 
 Pour the hot dressing over the boiled  onions , and let cool. 
 Serve at room temperature, not refrigerated (refrigerate the leftovers: it lasts a long time in the fridge). 
 
 
 
Categories: Chadian Salads, South African Salads, Malawian Salads, Cider vinegar Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Dry mustard Recipes, Pearl onion Recipes, White pepper Recipes, Wine vinegar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category