Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ginger_Sesame_Stir-fried_Scallops_with_Lo_Mein_Noodles

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Serves 8 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound sea  scallops 
 5 tablespoons  peanut oil , divided use 
 1 tablespoon  rice wine vinegar 
 1 tablespoon  soy  or  tamari  sauce 
 1 tablespoon minced  ginger 
 1 tablespoon dark  sesame oil 
 1 tablespoon  fermented black beans , optional 
 2 teaspoons minced  garlic 
 1 teaspoon  honey 
 1 teaspoon  lemon juice 
 ½ teaspoon  salt , or to taste 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  black pepper , or to taste 
 1½ cups fine julienne  carrots 
 2 cups sliced  shiitake mushrooms  caps 
 4 cups finely sliced  bok choy  or  savoy cabbage 
 2 packages  lo mein noodles , cooked and drained 
 ½ cup thinly sliced  scallions , cut on the bias 
 2 tablespoons toasted  sesame seeds 
 Directions : 
 Pull the muscle tabs from the scallops. 
 Blot them dry and set aside. 
 Combine 3 tablespoons of the peanut oil, the rice vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, sesame oil, fermented beans (if using), garlic, honey, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a bowl and whisk until blended. 
 Add the scallops and toss until evenly coated. 
 Cover and marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 and up to 24 hours. 
 Heat a large wok or sauté pan over high heat. 
 Add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil. 
 When the oil is very hot, add the carrots and mushrooms and stir fry for 1 minute. 
 Add the cabbage and stir fry until the cabbage is wilted, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Add the scallops and their marinade to the vegetable mixture and stir-fry until the scallops are opaque and just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Serve the noodles on a heated platter or plates topped with the scallops and vegetables. 
 Sprinkle with the scallions and toasted sesame seeds. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Scallops Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Bok choy Recipes, Savoy cabbage Recipes, Lo mein noodle Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Fermented black bean Recipes, Add category