Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Meat_Loaf_with_Variations

Description : 
 A hearty family meal, susceptible to many variations. The second day; slice it thin and make sandwiches on rye bread with sweet pickles.
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Source: The Fannie Farmer Cookbook by Marion Cunningham 
 Typed By: Susan Godfrey <alexanderjamesmom@gmail.com> 
 Serves 8 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups freshly made  bread crumbs 
 1  onion , chopped fine 
 2  eggs , slightly beaten 
 2 lbs  ground beef 
 2 tbsp  Worcestershire sauce 
 1½ tsp  dry mustard 
 1½ tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp freshly ground  pepper 
 ½ cup  milk 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter a loaf pan. Combine all the ingredients
in a large bowl; your freshly washed hands are the best tools for the job.
Pat into the loaf pan and bake for 45 minutes.
 
 Variations : 
 Meat Loaf with Parsley and Tomato : 
 Omit the Worcestershire sauce and mustard; in place of the milk, use ½ cup of  juice  from a can of  tomatoes  and add ½ cup minced  parsley  plus ½ tsp  basil , crumbled. Pat into pan and cover with ½ cup of the tomatoes from the can, roughly chopped, or ½ cup  tomato sauce .
 
 Meat Loaf with Cheese : 
 Omit the Worcestershire sauce and add ½ cup grated  cheese .
 
 Meat Loaf with Bacon : 
 After patting the loaf into the pan, cover with 4 strips uncooked  bacon .
 
 Meat Loaf with Three Meats : 
 Instead of 2 lbs ground beef, use 1 lb ground beef mixed with a pound  ground veal  and ⅓ pound  ground pork .  Red wine  may be used instead of the milk if desired. Bake 1 hour.
 
 Meat Loaf with Lemon and Mushroom Sauce : 
 Omit the Worcestershire sauce and dry mustard and add 1 Tbsp grated  lemon rind , 2 Tbsp minced  parsley , and 1 tsp  nutmeg . Serve with 1 recipe  Mushroom Sauce .
 
 Individual Muffin-size Meat Loaves : 
 Instead of using a loaf pan, pack the meat into muffin tins or Pyrex baking cups, top each with a square of  bacon , and bake for only 25 minutes at 400°F. Turn out and serve with  tomato sauce .
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Meatloaf Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground veal Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Bacon Recipes, Egg Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Tomato juice Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Add category