Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fresh_Spring_Rolls

Description : 
 A cleansing mouthful of fresh vegetables that makes a delectable appetizer or a fine addition to Asian-influenced meals. Cook time is refrigeration time. Altered from original in Healthy Weeknight Meals.
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 large  carrots , julienned 
 2 – 3 julienned  green onions 
 ½  sweet red pepper , julienned 
 ⅓ cup thinly sliced  napa cabbage 
 1 tablespoon  olive oil 
 ¼ cup minced fresh  cilantro  (or to taste) 
 ¼ teaspoon fresh ground  black pepper 
 1 pinch  sea salt 
 1 (3 ounces) package dried  bean thread noodles 
 16  rice paper , rounds softened (8-inch, see note) 
 ⅛ cup slivered fresh  Thai basil  or  mint 
 Sauce : 
 1 tablespoon reduced sodium  soy sauce 
 1 teaspoon dark  sesame oil  or ¼ cup  soy sauce 
 2 tablespoons  rice vinegar 
 1 tablespoon  peanut oil 
 ½ teaspoon hot  sesame oil 
 ½ teaspoon minced  garlic  (i use 2 cloves) 
 1 pinch  sugar 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl, combine the  carrots ,  green onions ,  cabbage ,  olive oil ,  cilantro ,  salt  and  pepper : toss well. 
 Let marinate at room temp for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. 
 Meanwhile, place the noodles in a medium bowl. 
 Cover with boiling  water  and soak for 10 minutes, or until the noodles are softened. 
 Drain well and snip into 2-inch pieces. 
 Set aside. 
 Place about 2 tablespoons of the noodles and about 2 tablespoons of the vegetable mixture about 1-inch from the lower edge of each  rice  paper round. 
 Sprinkle with  basil / mint  leaves. 
 Fold the bottom edge over the filling; fold in both sides and roll up tightly. 
 Press to seal. 
 Place on a plate seam side down; cover with plastic wrap. 
 Refrigerate for 10 minutes (you may also make these ahead of time and refrigerate for several hours). 
 Two quick sauces (or use  hoisin , hot  mustard , etc.): in a small bowl, combine the soy sauce and  sesame oil . 
 In a separate bowl, combine the soy sauce,  rice vinegar ,  peanut oil , hot  sesame oil ,  garlic  and  sugar . 
 Serve as a dipping sauce with the spring rolls. 
 Note: to soften the rice-paper rounds before rolling them, fill a large bowl with warm  water . 
 Dip each rice-paper round into the  water  for 10 seconds, or until softened and translucent. 
 Remove and let drain on a clean dish towel. 
 Do not stack the  rice  papers; they will stick together. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/1/1f/Fresh_spring_rolls.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004521']
Categories: Bean thread Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Italian Vegetarian, Napa cabbage Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Rice Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Thai basil Recipes, Add category