Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Family-friendly_Chili

Description : 
 Chili recipes abound! There are recipes for super-hot "5-alarm" chili, white chili, vegetarian chili — if you can imagine it, there's probably a recipe for it. What sets the following chili recipe apart from the others is that it's loaded with flavor (so the adults will like it) without all the "heat" (so the kids can eat it.)
 This makes a lot of chili. Fortunately, it freezes well. I recommend freezing the leftovers in meal-sized portions. If you defrost in the microwave, defrost in 5 minute increments using medium power (50%), stirring each time you add another 5 minutes. Total defrosting time varies, depending on such factors as individual microwave oven wattages and amount of chili being defrosted.
 
 Ingredients : 
 5 lbs  ground beef 
 2 large  onions , chopped 
 3 x 14.5 oz cans  pinto beans , drained 
 2 x 14.5 oz cans  kidney beans , drained 
 5 x 14.5 oz cans diced  tomatoes 
 3 Tbsp  cumin 
 3 Tbsp  chili powder 
 1 Tbsp  oregano 
 2 tsp  garlic powder 
 1 tsp  salt 
 1 tsp fresh-ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Brown ground beef with the onions in a large pot. 
 Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for 2 hours, stirring frequently. 
 Serving suggestions: spoon chili over cooked rice sprinkle chili with shredded cheddar cheese and serve with tortilla chips bake a potato, split it and stuff with chili. 
 About the Cook : 
 Sherri Allen is the editor of an online publication devoted to topics such as family, food, home, garden and money. For more great recipes, as well as articles, reviews and coloring pages, visit  http://www.SherriAllen.com/ 
 
Sherri Allen may be contacted at  http://www.SherriAllen.com/ 
 sherri@sherriallen.com
 Sherri Allen is the editor of an online publication featuring topics such as family, food, home, garden and money. For great tips, resources, articles, recipes, reviews and coloring pages, visit  www.SherriAllen.com 
 
 
 
 
Categories: American Meat Dishes, Kid-friendly Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Pinto bean Recipes, Kidney bean Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Chili Recipes, Add category