Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pasties


 
       Pasties     
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 2 cups  self-rising flour 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 8 ounces  butter  or  margarine , diced 
 ½ cup cold  water 
 Filling : 
 4 medium  potatoes , peeled 
 1 medium  onion , peeled and diced finely 
 1  beet , peeled 
 1  turnip , peeled 
 2  carrots , peeled 
 1 small piece of  pumpkin  or  squash 
 1 pound premium grade ground meat ( beef ,  pork  or  chicken 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350 °F. 
 Pastry : 
 Sift both flours together. 
 Add  salt  and cut in diced  butter  or  margarine . 
 Blend with fingertips until consistency of fine breadcrumbs. 
 Add cold  water  gradually, mixing in with your hand, until you have a soft dough. 
 Knead on a floured board gently, and cut into smaller portions for rolling. 
 Filling : 
 Grate  potatoes ,  beet ,  turnip ,  carrots  and  pumpkin , and mix well together in a very large bowl with the chopped  onion . 
 Add minced meat, season with  salt  and  pepper , and a pinch of nutmeg-mix well with your hands until all ingredients are well combined. 
 Roll out one piece of the pastry to a fairly thin sheet. 
 Using a large cutter, or an upturned saucer, make the pastry shapes. 
 Peel away the pieces and put aside for use later. 
 Place about a tablespoon or so of the filling onto each circle, brush the edges of the pastry with a little  milk , and bring one half over onto the other edge. 
 Press together either with a fork, or make a fancy edge with your fingers, and place onto a greased oven tray. 
 Continue until all the pastry and filling is used up. 
 Glaze the top of each pasty with a little beaten  egg  and  water . 
 Bake at 350 °F for 30 - 40 minutes. 
 Serve either hot or cold, with or without a wonderfully fruity sauce as an accompaniment. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/64/Pasties.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004032']
Categories: Australian Appetizers, Ground chicken Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Squash Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Turnip Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Pork Recipes, Beet Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category