Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish_Broth_with_Oysters_and_Saffron


 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup  butter , unsalted 
 1 medium  onion , coarsely chopped 
 1½  carrots 
 3  celery 
 2 small  leeks 
 6  parsley  stems 
 2  garlic , cloves, crushed, 
 peeled 2  bay leaves 
 ½ tsp  juniper berries 
 1 large  tomato , cut into wedges 
 3 lbs bones, fish, and trimmings 
 1 cup  white wine , dry 
 6 cup  water , cold (approximately) 
 ¼ tsp  salt  (or to taste) 
 4  clams 
 8  oysters , shucked 
 1 oz  mung bean threads 
 8  radicchio  leaves 
 ¼ tsp  saffron  threads 
 Directions : 
 Soak the  mung bean threads  in hot  water  for twenty minutes. 
 Drain, and cut into 2-inch lengths. 
 Set aside. 
 Split the  carrots ,  celery  and  leeks  lengthwise in half. 
 Clean, peel, and slice the vegetables into ½-inch-thick slices. 
 Melt the  butter  in a stockpot over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  onions ,  carrots ,  leeks ,  parsley ,  garlic ,  bay leaves  and  juniper berries , tossing the mixture well to coat with  butter . 
 When the vegetables begin to sizzle, reduce the heat to medium low and cover. 
 Cook, covered, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. 
 Add the  tomato  to the stockpot and stir for 1 minute. 
 Add the fish bones and trimmings and  white wine . 
 Cook this mixture for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Add cold  water  to cover and raise heat to medium high. 
 Bring to a boil, skimming all of the froth from the surface as it forms. 
 Immediately lower heat and simmer gently, uncovered, for 35 to 40 minutes. 
 Strain the mixture, pressing the solids firmly to extract all liquid. 
 Discard the solids. 
 Add  salt  to taste. 
 Heat 4 cups fish broth in a saucepan. 
 Steam clams separately in small amount of broth just until shells open, removing each shell as it opens. 
 Transfer to 4 warm soup bowls; strain clam broth into warm fish broth, avoiding any grit at the bottom. 
 Add oysters to fish broth and cook gently over low heat, uncovered, just until edges curl, about 1 minute. 
 Place 2 oysters in each bowl. 
 Ladle warm broth into bowls and add 2 tablespoons  mung bean threads . 
 Add  radicchio  leaves and  saffron  and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bean thread Recipes, Bolivian Soups, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Clam Recipes, Juniper berries Recipes, Leek Recipes, Oyster Recipes, Radicchio Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category