Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Duckling_with_Blackberry_Sauce

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Source:  Southern Living  Holiday Dinners 1982 
 8 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 2 (5 to 5½ pound) dressed  ducklings 
 2 medium  onions , quartered 
 2 medium  apples 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 ¼ teaspoon  pepper 
 1 quart  water 
 2 cups chopped  onion 
 1 cup chopped  celery 
 1 cup chopped  carrots 
 2 (16-oz) cans  blackberries , undrained 
 ¼ cup  cointreau 
 ¼ cup  blackberry jam 
 1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon  all-purpose flour 
 1 tablespoon + 1 teaspoon  butter , softened 
 Directions : 
 Remove giblets and neck from ducklings, set aside. 
 Prick fatty areas of ducklings (not breast) with a fork at intervals. 
 Stuff each cavity with quartered onion and apple. 
 Close cavity of ducklings with skewers. 
 Sprinkle with salt and pepper. 
 Fold neck skin under and place ducklings, breast side up, on a rack in a large roasting pan. 
 Bake, uncovered, at 350°F for 2 hours or until drumsticks and thighs move easily. 
 Discard onion and apples. 
 Set ducklings aside, keep warm. 
 Combine the reserved giblets and neck, 1 quart water, chopped onion, celery and carrots in a medium saucepan. 
 Bring to a boil, stirring well. 
 Reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 to 25 minutes. 
 Drain mixture, reserving 2 cups of duck stock. 
 Discard giblets, neck and vegetables. 
 Drain blackberries, reserving 2 cups blackberry juice. 
 Set blackberries aside. 
 Combine scrapings from roasting pan, reserved blackberry juice, cointreau, and reserved duck stock in a medium saucepan. 
 Bring to a boil, and boil 15 minutes or until liquid is reduced by half. 
 Make a paste by combining jam, flour and butter. 
 Gradually add to liquid in pan, stirring well. 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened. 
 Stir in blackberries. 
 Cut ducklings in quarters; place under broiler to crisp skin. 
 Transfer to serving platter. 
 Serve with blackberry sauce. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Duck Recipes, Onion Recipes, Apple Recipes, Celery Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Blackberry Recipes, Cointreau Recipes, Add category