Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mongolian_Fried_Peanuts


 
 Ingredients : 
 1/2 pound (1 1/2 cups) raw, red-skinned  peanuts 
 1 heaping tbsp Szechwan brown peppercorns 
 1 heaping tbsp  star anise 
 1 heaping tbsp  coarse salt 
 1/2 tsp  water 
 2 1/2 cups  water 
 3 to 4 cups fresh  corn  or  peanut oil 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Seasoning The  nuts :
 
Combine peppercorns,  anise ,  salt ,  Sugar  and  water  in a medium sized saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, stir, then reduce heat to maintain steady simmer.
 Cover pot tightly, simmer 5 minutes, then add the  peanuts . Stir to combine, replace cover and cook 5 minutes more.
 Turn off heat and let  peanuts  steep in covered pot for 10–12 hours.
 
Roasting The  nuts :
 
Drain  nuts  in a colander, pat dry. Spread in a large jelly-roll pan, lined with triple thickness of paper towels. Discard  anise .
 Bake at 350 for 30 minutes, shaking tray occasionally.
 Rotate tray. Reduce heat to 300. Check at 10-15 minute intervals until  nuts  are almost entirely dry with a touch of moisture at the center. Remove from oven. Put in bowl to cool. ( nuts  can be fried immediately, or left overnight. If you like them roasted, eat them now while warm.)
 
Frying The  nuts :
 
Have ready a tray lined with a double thickness of paper towels, a Chinese mesh spoon or metal strainer, large absorbent food-grade brown paper, and about 1/2 tsp coarse  kosher salt . Heat a wok or deep skillet over moderate heat until hot.
 Add  oil , and heat to slow-fry stage, 275 degrees.
 Reduce heat to low, then add  peanuts  to  oil . They will hardly bubble. Fry 4–7 minutes until golden brown, stirring constantly and slowly. Do not let  nuts  brown.Scoop  nuts  from  oil . Spread on towel lined tray.
 Shake tray to blot up excess  oil , then pour  nuts  into paper bag. Close the bag, gently turn and shake it to blot up the last  oil , then add  salt  to taste and gently shake again.
 Eat immediately or when cool as an hors d'oeuvre or placed in small bowls on the table as a diversion during a meal
 
 
 
 
Categories: Mongolian Recipes, Mongolian Vegetarian, Kosher salt Recipes, Peanut oil Recipes, Star anise Recipes, Fennel Recipes, Corn Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category