Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bisteeya


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 12 	 skinless  Chicken  thighs 
 1 	medium  Onion , chopped 
 1 1/2 	tablespoons minced  garlic 
 1 	cup fresh  parsley , chopped 
 1 	tablespoon  salt 
 1 	teaspoon  turmeric 
 1/2 	teaspoon  ginger 
 3 	cups low-fat  chicken broth 
 3 	 cinnamon  sticks 
 1 	cup  slivered almonds 
 1/3 	cup  powdered sugar 
 1 	teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 1/4 	cup  lemon juice 
 6 	 eggs 
 3/4 lb  phyllo dough 
 	butter-flavored  cooking spray 
 
 Directions : 
 Place  Chicken  thighs with  Onion ,  garlic ,  parsley ,  salt ,  turmeric  and  ginger . Toss well, rubbing  Chicken  with the spices. Marinate 2 hours at room temperature or overnight in the refrigerator. 
 Cook  Chicken  with the marinade,  chicken broth  and  cinnamon  sticks. Bring to boil, reduce heat, cover and gently simmer for 1 hour. Remove  Chicken  from broth and set aside. 
 Strain broth, and boil it on high heat about 10 minutes, until reduced to 1 3/4 to 2 cups. 
 Toast  almonds  in the microwave for 3 minutes on high. Add  powdered sugar  and ground  cinnamon . Set aside. 
 After broth is reduced, add  lemon juice  and gently simmer another 10 minutes. Increase heat to medium and, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, slowly stir in beaten  eggs . Cook, stirring, until  eggs  are set but not dry. Most of the liquid should evaporate. About 8–10 minutes. Add  salt  if necessary, cool to room temperature. 
 When  Chicken  is cool, shred the meat and set aside. 
 Preheat oven to 425 °F. 
 Unroll  phyllo . Spray bottom and sides of a 14 inch deep dish pan with  butter  flavored spray. Arrange 6 sheets  phyllo  so that half the sheet covers the bottom of the pan and half extends over sides. Spray with  butter  flavored spray. Fold 4 sheets in half and let them air dry. 
 Place shredded  Chicken  on bottom of  phyllo  in pan. Cover with  egg  mixture then the 4 dry  phyllo  sheets. Sprinkle  almond / Sugar  mixture over pastry. Cover with all but 2 remaining pastry leaves. Spraying each with  butter  flavored spray. Fold the overlapping leaves over the top and spray with  butter  flavored spray. 
 Bake 20 minutes or until golden. Dust top with  cinnamon  and  powdered sugar  before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Chadian Appetizers, Chadian Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Phyllo Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Turmeric Recipes, Add category