Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Malay_Barbecued_Game_Hens_with_Sweet_Spicy_Li

Description : 
 Makes about 3½ cups or rempah
 
 Ingredients : 
 6  Cornish game hens 
 10  kaffir lime leaves , or fresh  lime  leaves 
 6  candlenuts , soaked in  water  for 10 minutes, or substitute skinless  almonds , or  macadamias 
 5 stalk fresh  lemon grass , trimmed, sliced 
 10 large  shallots , peeled and halved, or 2  onions 
 10  garlic  cloves, peeled, halved 
 8  red jalapeno chiles , stemmed,seeded 
 1 tsp  turmeric 
 13½ oz  coconut milk 
 3 tbsp  sugar 
 1 tbsp  salt 
 ⅓ cup  vegetable oil 
 1  lime , cut into wedges 
 Directions : 
 Cut hens in half, lengthwise. 
 Pierce birds all over with a fork; set aside in a large deep bowl. 
 Rempah : 
 The rempah: fold the  lime  leaves in half, then tear off the central vein. 
 Cut the leaves into very fine shreds; set aside. 
 Combine the  candlenuts ,  lemon grass , shallots,  garlic , chiles and  turmeric  in a blender or food processor; process into a smooth paste. 
 If needed, add a tablespoon or so of  water  to facilitate the blending. 
 Pour the spice paste into a large bowl. 
 Before opening, shake the can of  coconut milk  well. 
 Then stir the  coconut milk  into the spice paste along with the  sugar ,  salt  and  lime  leaf shreds; mix thoroughly. 
 Hens : 
 Pour 1½ cups of the rempah over the birds; marinate at least 30 minutes. 
 Reserve remaining marinade. 
 Preheat oven to 450°F. 
 Remove hens from marinade and scrape off excess marinade. 
 Place hens skin-side up on a baking sheet and roast for 15 minutes. 
 Turn off the heat and let birds remain in oven for 5 minutes longer. 
 Remove from the oven. 
 Meanwhile, set a wok over medium heat. 
 Add the  oil  and the reserved rempah. 
 Gently fry the paste, stirring frequently, until it emulsifies with the  oil . 
 Continue frying until fragrant and the mixture takes on a rich  orange  color and a porridge-like consistency, about 8 minutes. 
 The rempah is ready when the  oil  seeps from mixture and has an  orange  hue (spoon off and discard excess  oil ) keep sauce warm. 
 Grill birds over glowing red coals until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. 
 Pour the sauce over the hens and serve with a squeeze of fresh  lime . 
 Tips : 
 The ⅓ cup  vegetable oil  is "necessary" to get the right result so don't skimp. 
 To make the rempah, add the hardest ingredients to the food processor or blender first and then the rest in order of softness. A smooth paste is what you should end up with. 
 Just prior to frying the rempah, you can fry up some fresh  chile paste  to give the dish some zing. I'd use  sambal oelek  for this or the Vietnamese tuong ot toi. 
 
 
 
Categories: Malawian Meat Dishes, Cornish hen Recipes, Lemongrass Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Kaffir lime leaf Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Candlenut Recipes, Macadamia nut Recipes, Almond Recipes, Thai chile Recipes, Lime Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category