Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Italian_Pizza_Rolls

Description : 
 These tasty meat sensations quickly disappeared as i pulled them from the oven. My kids and the adults were both grabbing for seconds.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes For Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  Holly Clegg's Freezer Friendly Meals  © 2005 fabulousfoods.com 
 Makes 18 to 20 half rolls 
 Ingredients : 
 ⅓ cup finely chopped  carrots 
 ⅓ cup finely chopped  onion 
 ⅓ cup finely chopped  green pepper 
 1 teaspoon minced  garlic 
 ½ pound  ground sirloin 
 ½ cup  tomato sauce 
 ½ teaspoon dried  oregano  leaves 
 ½ teaspoon dried  basil  leaves 
 ½ cup shredded part skim  mozzarella  cheese 
 9  egg roll wrappers 
 Directions : 
 In a non-stick skillet coated with nonstick  cooking spray , sauté the carrots,  onion ,  green pepper , and  garlic  for 5 to 7 minutes over medium heat until tender. 
 Add the sirloin, cooking until browned. 
 Remove from heat and stir in  tomato  sauce,  oregano ,  basil , and mozzarella  cheese . 
 Place about 2 tablespoons in the middle of each egg roll wrapper. 
 Fold the lower bottom third up, fold the 2 sides toward the center, and then roll up. 
 To prepare and eat now: preheat oven to 425°F. 
 Place pizza rolls on a non-stick baking sheet coated with nonstick  cooking spray . 
 Bake for 9 minutes, turn the rolls over and continue baking for another 4 to 6minutes or until crispy and browned. 
 Cut each roll in half and serve. 
 To freeze : 
 Do not bake prepared rolls and freeze on baking sheet,then transfer to freezer zip top bags, label, and freeze. 
 To prepare after freezing: preheat oven to 425°F. 
 Remove rolls directly from the freezer and place on a nonstick baking sheet coated with nonstick  cooking spray . 
 Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, turn the rolls over and continue baking for another 5 to 6 minutes or until crispy and browned. 
 Cut each roll in half and serve. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 Calories 72 | Protein (g) 7 | Carbohydrate (g) 7 | Fat (g) 2 | Calories from Fat (%) 25 | Saturated Fat (g) 1 | Dietary Fiber (g) 0 | Cholesterol (mg) 16 | Sodium (mg) 128. 
 Diabetic exchanges: 1 very lean meat | 0.5 starch. 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Basil Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category