Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Amaranth_and_Flax_Seed_Bread

Amaranth and Flax Seed Bread
 FoodReference.com 
 Amaranth & Flax seed bread is a one-rise process. The dough rises in a warm oven and is then baked without moving the pans. This works well using 13 oz. coffee cans thereby making cylindrical loaves that are easy to slice for sandwiches or toast. 
 Combine in a 2 qt. microwave safe bowl
1 12 oz can full bodied beer (or water)
2 T. sugar
mix well, and microwave until warm
add 3 pkgs. rapid-rise yeast.
set aside to proof. 
 Warm the oven. Include a 2 qt. container of hot water placed on bottom shelf 
 Combine in a large mixer bowl (KitchenAid type)
1/3 C. amaranth grain (not flour)
1/2 C. flax seed
1 C. Oatmeal (Quaker Quick Cook)
1 C. white bread flour
1 T. sea salt
6 T. sugar
1 12 oz. can beer (or water)
thoroughly mix with batter beater 
 add proofed yeast mixture
mix
switch to dough hook
add
3 - 5 C. white bread flour
add 1/4 C. canola oil
knead, adding flour until dough ball pulls away from bowl 
 Prepare 6 coffee cans or 3 11/2 qt stainless bowls for baking the bread.
Spray interiors with Pam, place pans in oven to warm. 
 Turn dough onto floured surface; knead in additional flour if too sticky.
The dough can be a little 'wetter' than a typical bread.
Roll into a uniform cylinder about the diameter of your arm.
Cut into the required number of pieces. 
 Knead pieces into spheres. 
 Place dough in pans or cans; spray tops with Pam. 
 Loosely cover with aluminum foil.
place on middle shelf of warm oven to rise; about 1 hr. 
 When dough has doubled in size, turn oven to 400 F.
DO NOT move loaves-they are fragile and may collapse if jostled.
DO NOT remove water dish from oven.
When oven comes to 400 F. remove foil. Save it.
Set timer for 25 min. Do not open oven door for first 10 min.
Check color of tops.
If too dark, recover with foil. 
 Turn oven temp. back to 325 F. - Continue baking for 10 min. 
 Loaves are done when center reaches 190 F.
Immediately turn out of pans to cool on wire racks.
Freeze loaves if not used immediately. 
 The bread is great for sandwiches and it toasts well. 
 Courtesy of FoodReference.com. 
 
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog......
 
 
 Dwight D. Eisenhower
 
 Contributed by: : 
 Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Add category