Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Empanadas_I

Description : 
       Empanadas     
 Spanish pastry pie
 
 Bodegas Martín Códax Winery, Rias Baixas 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound of  yeast  pastry  or   bread dough 
 ¾ pound of  pork loin , thinly sliced 
 1 tsp  paprika 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 ½ tsp  oregano 
 ½ cup  piquillo pimentos , sliced 
 3  onions  chopped 
 1 tbsp chopped  garlic 
 3  tomatoes , peeled, seeded and chopped 
 2 tbsp chopped  parsley 
 salt  and  pepper 
 1 large  red pepper , chopped 
 2 hard boiled  eggs 
 1  egg , beaten 
 Directions : 
 Place the sliced  pork  in a dish with the  paprika , 1 tbsp chopped  garlic ,  oregano ,  salt  and  pepper  and let it sit for 45 minutes in a cool place. 
 Heat the  oil  in a pan and fry the  pork  for about 1 minute, removing slices as they are browned. 
 Using the same  oil , sauté the  onions , chopped  peppers  and remaining  garlic  until softened. 
 Add the prepared  tomatoes ,  parsley ,  salt  and  pepper  and cook until the  tomatoes  are reduced and the sauce is very thick. 
 Divide the dough in half. 
 Roll out one half to ¼ inch thickness on a floured board. 
 Then line a cake tin with the dough. 
 Spread this with half the prepared sauce. 
 Arrange the slices of  pork  loin on top and add a layer of piquillo pimentos above that. 
 Slice the boiled  eggs  and layer above other ingredients. 
 Add the remaining sauce. 
 Roll out the rest of the dough and cover the pie. 
 Crimp the edges together and trim the excess. 
 Create a small hole in the center to allow steam to vent. 
 Place in a medium hot oven for 20 minutes. 
 Brush the top with beaten  egg  and bake another 15 – 20 minutes. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/6a/Food-spain-recipes1-empanadas.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004509']
Categories: Spanish Snacks, Spanish Meat Dishes, Savory pastry Recipes, Bread dough Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Pork loin Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Onion Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Add category