Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pressure_Cooker_French_Onion_Soup

Description : 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Source: Reprinted With Permission From Pressure Cookers For Dummies by Tom Lacalamita (2002, Wiley). 
 Preparation Time: 15 Minutes 
 Cooking Time: 6 Minutes Under Pressure 
 Pressure Setting: High 
 Serves 4 to 6 
 Ingredients : 
 1½ cups of ¾ inch square  French bread  cubes 
 4 tablespoons  olive oil 
 6 cups thinly sliced Spanish or  Vidalia onions 
 4 cloves  garlic , sliced very thin 
 1 tablespoon dried  thyme 
 ½ cup dry  sherry  or  white vermouth 
 4 cups  beef stock  or  broth 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 1 cup grated  gruyère  or  Swiss cheese 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 Toss the  bread  cubes in a large bowl with 2 tablespoons of the  olive oil . 
 Place on a baking sheet and toast in the oven for 15 minutes, or until crisp, shaking periodically. 
 Set aside to cool. 
 Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons  olive oil  in the pressure cooker over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  onions  and  garlic . 
 Cook for 5 minutes. 
 Add the thyme, dry  sherry , and 2 cups of stock. 
 Cover and bring to high pressure over high heat. 
 Lower the heat to stabilize the pressure. 
 Cook for 6 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat. 
 Let the pressure release by using the quick release method. 
 Unlock and remove the pressure cooker cover. 
 Preheat the broiler. 
 Add the remaining 2 cups of stock and bring to a simmer. 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Ladle the soup into heatproof bowls. 
 Float some  bread  cubes on top and sprinkle with the grated  cheese . 
 Place the soup bowls on a baking pan and set under the broiler until the  cheese  melts and is bubbly, about 1 to 3 minutes, depending on your broiler. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per Serving: Calories 246 (from fat 145); fat 16 g (saturated 5 g);cholesterol 21 mg; sodium 226 g; carbohydrate 18 g; dietary fiber 4 g; protein 8 g.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Dry vermouth Recipes, French bread Recipes, Gruyère Recipes, Onion Soup Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Swiss cheese Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Add category