Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Gaeta_olive

      Gaeta olives     
 Name variations : 
 Gyeta olive 
 About Gaeta olive : 
 A small oval olive from Italy that has a wrinkled black flesh if they are salt cured or a smoother dark violet flesh if brine cured. This olive provides a meaty texture with a slightly tart to salty flavor. After being brine or salt cured, the olive is rubbed with olive oil, which gives the olive a delicately mild flavor. Gaeta olives are popular as an appetizer, as a salad ingredient, as an olive added to pasta dishes, as a topping for cooked fish, or as an olive made into a puree. The Gaeta olive may also be referred to as Gyeta olive.
 Black gaeta olives are plump, dark purple Italian olives with a tender texture and slightly sour taste. They are used in appetizers, salads and pastas.
 Gaeta is a region of Italy south of Rome that is known for producing small reddish gaeta olives that are famed for their unique and delicious flavor. A small oval olive from Italy that has a wrinkled black flesh if they are salt cured or a smoother dark violet flesh if brine cured. This olive provides a meaty texture with a slightly tart to salty flavor. After being brine or salt cured, the olive is rubbed with olive oil, which gives the olive a delicately mild flavor. Gaeta olives are popular as an appetizer, as a salad ingredient, as an olive added to pasta dishes, as a topping for cooked fish, or as an olive made into a puree. The Gaeta olive may also be referred to as Gyeta olive. Gaeta Olive Oil has always been prized for its acidity levels far below required specifications. U can serve Gaeta olives with a very special salad of tuna and fresh vegetables because provided a lovely salt component to a dish of seared tuna. They are brine cured and have a slightly bitter flavor. They are perfect for making an authentic puttanesca sauce. Gaeta olives are great with cheese or use as an addition to many dishes such as poultry or fish.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b1/GyetaOlive.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004735']
Categories: Black olives, Add category