Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Burgundy_Skewered_Beef_Kabobs

Ingredients : 
 16 Burgundy vines (about 12 inches long) soaked in  water  for an hour 
 1 cup  Burgundy red wine 
 ¼ cup + 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 4 cloves  garlic , chopped 
 1 medium  onion , diced 
 2 tablespoons chopped fresh  rosemary 
 2 tablespoons  green peppercorns  in brine, drained and crushed 
 2 tablespoons  Dijon mustard 
 1 tablespoon  juniper berries 
 4 pounds  beef sirloin , cut into 2-inch cubes 
 2 medium  zucchini 
 2  red bell peppers , halved, seeded 
 2  yellow bell peppers , halved, seeded 
 2 medium  red onions , peeled 
 24  cremini  or  shiitake mushrooms , wiped clean 
 ¼ cup  balsamic vinegar 
 salt  and freshly ground  pepper 
 Directions : 
 In large bowl, combine wine, ¼ cup  olive oil ,  garlic ,  onion ,  rosemary ,  green peppercorns ,  mustard  and  juniper berries . Mix well. 
 Add  beef  cubes, toss to coat well, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours. 
 After marinating, thread  beef  onto 8 vine skewers. Set to one side. Reserve marinade. 
 Preheat grill to high. 
 Cut  zucchini , red and yellow  peppers  and  red onions  into large pieces. 
 Skewer onto remaining 8 vine skewers alternating with  mushrooms . 
 In small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons  olive oil  and  balsamic vinegar . Brush vegetables with this mixture and season to taste. 
 Grill  beef  skewers for 2 to 3 minutes per side (8 to 10 minutes total cooking time for medium-rare doneness), basting frequently with remaining marinade. 
 When  beef  has been cooking 3 minutes, place vegetable skewers on grill and cook for 6 to 8 minutes until tender, brushing with remaining  oil  and  vinegar  mixture. 
 Remove from grill and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Argentine Meat Dishes, Beef sirloin Recipes, Burgundy wine Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Green peppercorn Recipes, Juniper berries Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red bell pepper Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Add category