Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Banana_Tea_Loaf

Description : 
 Adapted from the  Joslin Diabetes Gourmet Cookbook , 1993
 
 Tested with changes noted by Elizabeth Rodier, Jan 1993 
 Ingredients : 
 2  bananas , ripe, mashed 
 ½ cup  canola oil  (such as  crisco ) 
 2 large  eggs 
 2 tbsp frozen  orange /pineapple juice concentrate 
 1¾ cup  flour 
 2 tsp  baking powder 
 ¼ tsp  baking soda 
 ½ tsp  orange peel 
 cooking spray 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Line a 9 by 5 inch loaf pan with waxed paper and spray with  cooking spray . 
 In a large bowl, combine  bananas ,  oil , beaten  egg , juice concentrate and  orange peel . 
 Stir dry ingredients together and then stir them into  banana  mixture until just blended. 
 Spread the batter in the pan and bake for 45 minutes or until the top is lightly browned. 
 Cool in a pan for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack. 
 Slice the first sample while the loaf is still warm. 
 Comment in the original recipe states that the well-wrapped loaf keeps in the refrigerator and freezes well. 
 Slice is smaller than a slice of regular  bread  (about half size). 
 Notes : 
 To cut down on cholesterol use 1 whole  egg  and 2 whites, or home made  egg substitute . 
 When comparing  bread  recipes, consider serving size as well as calories. 
 Nutritional information : 
 1 tbsp  peanut butter  would add 1 fat exchange + 1 meat or 95 calories, 3 grams carb. 4 grams protein, 8.2 grams fat, 98 mg sodium 
 1 tbsp regular  strawberry  jam made of equal parts fruit and  sugar  would add 54 calories, 14 grams carbohydrate or 1 fruit exchange 
 Original nutritional information   1 / 18  recipe = 1  bread , which used 1 large  egg  white plus 6 tbsp  egg substitute , ⅛ tsp  almond extract ,  orange juice  concentrate, 2 cups  unbleached flour  and no  orange peel . 
 
 Joslin exchanges: 1 fat 
 122 calories | 2g protein | 14g carbohydrate | 6g fat (44% of calories) | trace cholesterol | 61mg sodium | 105mg potassium 
 
 
 
Categories: Dessert loaf Recipes, Almond extract Recipes, Banana Recipes, Canola oil Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Unbleached flour Recipes, Add category