Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mango_Shrimp

Description : 
 This is a tangy and spicy recipe - with an Asian flair. Tastes delicious and can be presented in a very gourmet style for a romantic dinner.
 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup ripe sweet  mango  chopped 
 ½ cup diced  California avocados 
 4  green/red chile  chopped 
 8 to 10 jumbo  shrimp  shelled and deviened 
 ¼ tsp of  curry powder 
 3 tbsp of  vegetable cooking oil 
 ½ cup of  coconut milk 
 1 tbsp of  light soy sauce 
 1 tbsp of  tomato sauce  (can) 
 3 cloves  garlic  chopped 
 1 small  red onion  sliced thick 
 1 tbsp  lemon juice 
 ¼ tsp of ground  black pepper 
 salt  to taste 
 1 tsp  cilantro  (garnish) 
 ½ cup chopped  lettuce  (garnish) 
 Directions : 
 Cut the mangoes in halves and skin them in such a way so you reserve half shell of the skin intact as much as possible to serve the dish in them. 
 Prepare the ingredients as listed above. 
 Marinate the  shrimp  in  lemon juice , add a dash of  black pepper  and  salt  for 10 minutes. 
 Heat  oil  in a saucepan under medium heat. 
 Put in the chopped  garlic  and the sliced  onions  and stir for 4 minutes. 
 Put in the  shrimp  and the  curry  powder, dash of  black pepper  and stir for 2 minutes. 
 Stir in the  California avocados  and the green/red chopped  chile  in it and stir for 2 minutes - the shrimps should pink now. 
 Add the soy sauce and the  tomato  sauce and stir for a few seconds. 
 Add the  coconut milk  and stir in the mangoes. 
 Add a dash of  salt  now as needed. 
 Heat through till the  milk  absorbs and the dish is mixed through. 
 Arrange a platter with chopped  lettuce . 
 Divide the portion of the mixture in each of those left  mango  skin shells and sprinkle a dash of the fresh chopped  cilantro  on top. 
 Place the shells (one on each plate) on the center and serve hot immediately. 
 Best if served with plain  white rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Hass avocado Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Shrimp Recipes, Mango Recipes, Main Dish Seafood Recipes, Valentine's Day Suppers, Tomato sauce Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Soy Recipes, Add category