Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bud%C3%ADn_de_Pan


 
 Description : 
 Bread pudding
 
 Ingredients : 
 A : 
 ½ pound of bread, after removing the outer rind. This can be  French bread , Puerto Rican pan criollo, sandwich bread, etc. Bread can be fresh or preferably one or two days old. 
 4 cups whole  milk , warm 
 4 large  eggs  at room temperature 
 4 tablespoonfuls  butter , melted 
 B : 
 ⅔ cup pecans 
 1 teaspoonful ground  cinnamon 
 1 cup  sugar  or suitable substitute like Equal or Splenda 
 1 teaspoonful  vanilla 
 ½ teaspoon ground  nutmeg 
 ⅓ teaspoon  salt 
 Directions : 
 Mix together the ingredients included in (B) and set aside. Pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees. 
 Shred the bread into small pieces. Add 4 cups warmed  milk  and whisk until the bread soaks up the  milk . If necessary, let stand fifteen minutes for the bread to soak up all the  milk . 
 Beat 4 large  eggs . Add slowly to the bread and  milk  mix, whisking the  eggs  into the mix. Add the melted  butter  and whisk in. 
 Add the ingredients included in (B) which you had previously mixed together. Blend in thoroughly. 
 Pour all ingredients into a buttered baking dish. 
 Place the baking dish into a much larger dish. After placing the baking dish into the larger dish, add enough  water  to the larger dish to fill it nearly three-quarters full. 
 Bake in a pre-heated oven at 350 degrees. It will take approximately one hour for the pudding to reach the desired consistency. Add  water  to the larger dish if necessary. 
 Alternately, you may use a " Ba–o de Mar’a " or double boiler to cook the pudding on the range over medium heat. Add  water  to the bottom section of the double boiler as necessary. 
 Try not to overcook. The pudding should be removed from heat as soon as it shows consistency (a couple of minutes earlier than you would normally remove a cake). 
 Some people like to eat it warm. For best results, though, refrigerate before serving. It will last two to three days, well covered, in the refrigerator. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bread pudding Recipes, French bread Recipes, Paraguayan Desserts, Puerto Rican Desserts, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category