Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Muamba_de_Galinha


 
 Ingredients : 
 1  chicken , cut into serving-sized pieces 
 juice of one  lemon  (optional) 
 1 cup red  palm oil  (or a mixture of  palm oil  and any other cooking  oil ) 
 2 or 3  onions , chopped 
 2 cloves of  garlic , minced 
 1 hot  chile pepper , left whole and removed after cooking (for a mild dish), or chopped, seeds removed (for a spicy hot dish) 
 3  tomatoes  (peeled, if desired) and cut into quarters (optional) 
 1  squash  ( acorn ,  butternut , or similar) or sweet  pumpkin ; seeded, peeled, and cut into bite-sized pieces  or  one  eggplant , peeled, cut into pieces, soaked in salted  water , rinsed, and drained 
 1 cup of canned palm soup base, also called "sauce graine" or "noix de palme"  or  homemade moambé or nyembwe sauce, or palm  butter 
 1 or 2 dozen small, tender  okra ; washed, ends removed — (the  okra  can be left whole or, for maximum effect, chopped into rondelles) 
 salt , to taste 
 Directions : 
 If desired: Squeeze  lemon juice  over the  chicken . The  chicken  can also be rubbed with a mixture of  lemon juice , minced  garlic , chopped  chile   pepper , and  salt . Let it marinate for fifteen minutes to an hour. 
 Over high heat, bring the  oil  to cooking temperature in a deep skillet or a dutch oven. Add the  Chicken  and cook it on all sides until it is slightly browned, but not done. 
 Add the  onion ,  garlic ,  chile   pepper , and  tomato . Stirring occasionally, cook over medium heat for about half an hour, until the  chicken  is nearly done. 
 Add the  squash  or  Eggplant  and cook for an additional ten to fifteen minutes. Then stir in the canned palm soup base (if desired) and add the  okra . Gently simmer for a few minutes—until the  okra  is tender. 
 salt  to taste. Serve with  rice . 
 
 
 
Categories: Acorn squash Recipes, Butternut squash Recipes, Central African Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Okra Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Side Dish Recipes, Add category