Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vanilla-fragranced_Duckling

Ingredients : 
 1 whole fresh  duckling 
 1 tbsp  salt 
 1 tsp ground  white pepper 
 ½  yellow large onion , split into quarters 
 1  orange , cut into four wedges 
 2  vanilla beans , split lengthwise 
 2 cups duck or  chicken stock 
 Directions : 
 Rinse the duckling inside and out, removing the neck, heart, gizzard and liver. 
 Place the innards in the bottom of a roasting pan. 
 Season the duckling with  salt  and  pepper  inside and out. 
 Place  onion  pieces into the  duck  cavity. 
 Squeeze juice of the  orange  over the duckling, then put rinds into  duck  cavity. 
 With a thin knife, cut a slit on each side of the breast and in each leg/thigh and insert the  vanilla bean  halves. 
 Put duckling on top of innards in roasting pan. 
 Roast duckling for 15 minutes in a 500°F. 
 Oven, then lower oven to 350°F and roast until a thermometer inserted into the duckling registers 165°F. 
 Remove from oven and allow to cool for 30 minutes. 
 Remove and discard  onion  and  orange  rinds. 
 Using a cleaver, remove the back bone by standing the roasted  duck  on its neck end and cutting down each side of the back bone. 
 Remove the rib cage and hip bones by slipping your finger tips around them, then lifting up and twisting the bones off the meat. 
 The wing and leg bones remain. 
 Set innards aside and defat the roasting pan, then deglaze pan with the  duck  or  chicken stock . 
 Bring stock to a boil, adding bones and innards and reduce stock to 1 cup. 
 Remove the two half beans from the legs of the duckling and add to the cup of reduced stock, then reduce again to ½ cup. 
 Reheat the two  duck  halves in a 400°F. 
 Oven for 12 minutes until hot and the skin is crisp. 
 Place on two hot serving plates with the breast halves still pierced with the  vanilla bean  halves. 
 Ladle the hot sauce (with the  vanilla bean  pieces) over the  duck  breasts. 
 
 
 
Categories: Malagasy Meat Dishes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Duck Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Orange Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Vanilla bean Recipes, White pepper Recipes, Add category