Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Laham_Ajeen

Description : 
 Flat lamb pies. Many Middle East countries have a version of this. This is the Iraqi version. These freeze well and can be served cold.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Yeast dough : 
 5 – 6 cups  plain flour 
 1 envelope  active dry yeast 
 2 cups  water 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 2 tablespoons  oil 
 Lamb topping : 
 1 large  onion , finely chopped 
 2 tablespoons  oil 
 2 cloves  garlic , finely chopped 
 500 g finely  ground lamb 
 1½ cups  tomatoes , chopped and peeled 
 1½ cups  zucchini , grated 
 2 tablespoons chopped  parsley 
 ½ teaspoon dried  thyme 
 1 small  chile , seeded and finely chopped 
 salt 
 fresh ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 Yeast dough : 
 Sift  flour  into a large mixing bowl and warm in a low oven. 
 Dissolve  yeast  in ¼ cup warm  water , and stir in the remaining  water  and  sugar  and  salt . 
 Remove about 2 cups  flour  from bowl and keep aside. 
 Make a well and pour the  yeast  mixture into the center and blend in a little of the  flour  to thicken the liquid. 
 Cover with a cloth and leave until frothy. 
 Stir in the rest of the  flour  in a bowl to make a soft dough, adding  oil  gradually. 
 Beat by hand for 10 minutes. 
 Turn onto a  flour  dusted board and knead until smooth and elastic, using just enough  flour  from the reserved  flour  to stop the dough sticking. 
 Shape into a ball. 
 Oil bowl, put dough in and turn over to  oil  top. 
 Cover the top of the bowl with plastic wrap and leave in a warm spot until doubled in bulk- about 1 hour. 
 Meanwhile make the topping. 
 Lamb topping : 
 Gently fry the  onion  in oil until transparent, add  garlic  and increase heat. 
 Add  Lamb  and stir over high heat until juices evaporate and meat starts to brown. 
 Add the remaining topping ingredients, cover and simmer over gentle heat for 30 minutes, removing the lid towards the end of coking so that the excess moisture can evaporate. 
 The mixture should be thick. 
 Allow to cool. 
 Punch down the dough and turn onto a floured board. 
 Knead for a couple of minutes and then divide into 24 equal portions shaping each into a ball. 
 Roll out each ball to a 12 cm round and place on greased baking sheets. 
 spread a generous tablespoon of topping on each and bake at 220°C / 425°F for 12 – 15 minutes until cooked. 
 Serve hot or cold. 
 
 
 
Categories: Iraqi Appetizers, Iraqi Meat Dishes, Zucchini Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category