Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Yiouvetsi

Description : 
 Roast meat with pasta and tomatoes.  Yiouvetsi  is a typically Greek dish, favoured in particular by island communities. It derives its name from the dull red, round, terracotta dish that it is baked in. However, nowadays it is very often cooked in round shallow aluminium dishes. Despite this, the dish is still called yiouvetsi.
 
 Serves 6 persons! 
 Ingredients : 
 1  leg of lamb  or a  shoulder  about 2 kg, or 2 kg  beef , boned, trimmed of fat and sliced into large serving portions 
 4 cloves  garlic , peeled and halved 
 1400 g can  tomatoes , or 500 g ripe  tomatoes  finely chopped 
 5 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon dried  oregano 
 150 ml hot  water 
 salt  and  black pepper 
 400 g  orzo  (small tear-shaped  pasta ) - the Greek kritharaki - , or  spaghetti  broken in little 
 100 g grated  Parmesan  or  Greek kefalotiri cheese 
 Directions : 
 Rinse the meat and place it in a large roasting dish. 
 If using a whole leg of  lamb , make 3-4 deep slits with a small sharp knife and insert a piece of  garlic  into each one. 
 Scatter the remaining  garlic  around the meat. 
 Pour the  olive oil  and the  tomatoes  over the meat, then add the seasoning and the  oregano . 
 Pour the  water  into the dish. 
 Place in a pre-heated oven, gas no.7 / 425째F / 220째C), and cook it for 50 minutes, basting from time to time, and turning the portions over (if cooking a whole leg, just baste it a couple of times and, after 50 minutes, turn it over) 
 After 50 minutes, pour 600 more boiling  water  into the dish and add the  pasta , together with more seasoning. 
 Turn the oven down to gas no.6 / 400째F / 200째C and bake for a further 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the  pasta  is cooked to your taste. 
 Keep testing it to catch it at the right time. 
 If needed, add a little more hot  water . 
 Serve immediately sprinkled with the  cheese . 
 If using  beef  for this recipe, it would need to be cooked longer initially and with more  water , until tender, before the pastry is added to the dish. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Greek Meat Dishes, Kefalotyri Recipes, Lamb shoulder Recipes, Lamb leg Recipes, Orzo Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Spaghetti Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Add category