Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Whole_Turkey_with_Chestnut_Turkey_Sausage_Stuffing

Ingredients : 
 
 12 lb whole  turkey  fresh or frozen (thawed) 
 1 tsp  salt 
 ½ tsp freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 lb  turkey  breakfast  sausage 
 2 cups chopped  onion 
 1 French  baguette  (10 ounces) cut into 1-inch cubes 
 1 can (15½ ounces)  chestnuts  drained 
 ½ cup chopped fresh  parsley 
 ½ tsp dried  thyme 
 ½ tsp dried  sage 
 ½ tsp  pepper 
 1 cup  turkey broth  or reduced-sodium  chicken bouillon 
 ½ cup  Raspberry Glaze  (see recipe) 
 as needed, red and  green grapes  washed and dried 
 Directions : 
 Remove giblets and neck from  turkey ; reserve for gravy. 
 Rinse  turkey  with cold running  water  and drain well. 
 Blot dry with paper towels. 
 Sprinkle  salt  and  pepper  in the cavities of the bird. 
 Fold neck skin and fasten to the back with skewers. 
 Fold the wings under the back of the  turkey . 
 Return legs to tucked position. 
 In large non-stick skillet, over medium-high heat, saute  turkey   sausage  and  onions  5 to 7 minutes or until  sausage  is no longer pink. 
 In large bowl combine  turkey   sausage  mixture, bread cubes,  chestnuts ,  parsley ,  thyme ,  sage  and  pepper . 
 Add  turkey broth  and stir to moisten. 
 Lightly spoon stuffing into  turkey  or a (9-x 12-inch) baking pan, sprayed with vegetable  cooking spray . 
 Place  turkey , breast side up, on a rack in a large shallow (no more than 2½" deep) roasting pan. 
 Insert an oven-safe thermometer into thickest part of the thigh, being careful it does not touch the bone. 
 Roast  turkey  in a preheated 325°F oven about 3½ hours (total roasting time). 
 Baste with the pan juices. 
 During the last 30 minutes of roasting time, baste the bird with the  raspberry  glaze. 
 Continue to roast until the thermometer registers 180°F in the thigh, 170°F in the breast and 165°F in the stuffing. 
 Remove  turkey  from the oven and allow the bird to rest for 15–20 minutes before carving. 
 Place on a warm large platter and garnish with green and  red grapes . 
 Serve with  cranberry   chutney  and  peach  chutney. 
 Don't eat it though because it tastes dreadful. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/b/b2/MP4117.JPG/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20131125194133']
Categories: Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Christmas Poultry, Christmas Main Dishes, Raspberry Recipes, Chestnut Recipes, French bread Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Turkey meat Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Turkey stock and broth Recipes, Add category