Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chili-Honey_Glazed_Lechon_Kawali

Description : 
 A sweet-spicy oriental glaze gives fried pork belly a delicious kick and makes it a perfect match for crisp, cold beer. For a heftier meal, pair it with steamed rice and  atchara . The effort, quality, and results are worth it.
 
         
 Ingredients : 
 Meat 
 1 kilo  pork belly 
 1 large  onion , quartered 
 4 cloves  garlic , smashed 
 ⅓ teaspoon  peppercorns 
 4 teaspoons  salt , any kind, reserving 2 tablespoons for seasoning 
 1  bay leaf 
 pickled vegetables ( atchara ), to serve, optional 
 Glaze 
 2 tablespoons Korean hot pepper paste ( gochujang ) 
 2 tablespoons  soy sauce 
 1 ½ tablespoons  honey , or to taste 
 1 tablespoon  rice vinegar 
 2 teaspoons  sesame oil 
 1 thumb-sized piece  ginger , peeled and grated 
 4 cloves  garlic , chopped 
 Instructions : 
 Slice pork belly in half to fit a large stockpot. 
 Place pork, onion, garlic, peppercorns, salt, and bay leaf in a large stockpot. 
 Fill with enough water to cover pork. Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer. 
 Cook for about 1 hour or until pork is fork tender. 
 In the meantime, make the chili-honey glaze: Put all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Puree to make a thick glaze. Set aside. 
 Once the pork belly is tender, transfer to a rack or hang the belly to dry for about an hour. 
 Slice pork into 2-inch pieces with the kitchen knife and season with rock salt. 
 Preheat an airfryer to 180º C for 5 minutes. 
 Put half of the pork belly pieces in the airfryer's basket. Set timer to 10 minutes and let cook. 
 After 10 minutes, pull out the airfryer basket and turn the pork pieces to cook evenly. 
 Continue cooking for another 10 to 15 minutes or until the pork belly is crisp and golden. 
 Repeat with the remaining pork belly. 
 Put cooked pork belly in a large bowl. 
 Add a couple of tablespoons of chili-honey glaze and toss to coat pork evenly. Add more, if desired. 
 Transfer to a platter and serve immediately with pickled vegetables, if desired. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/2c/ChiliHoneyGlazedLechonKawali.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20170902045322']
Categories: Asian Meat Dishes, Filipino Meat Dishes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Pork Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Honey Recipes, Chili Recipes, Hot Pepper Paste Recipes, Add category