Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lifrarpylsa

Description : 
       Lifrarpylsa     
 Liver sausage-haggis. There are many ways of preparing liver, and the following is one method of preparing a good, nutritious meal from  lamb 's liver. This delicacy has "relatives" in various other countries. The most famous is no doubt the Scottish Haggis. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 kg lamb's  liver 
 50 – 100 g  flour 
 about 450 g  rye flour 
 ¾ l  milk 
 150 g  oatmeal 
 30 g  salt 
 1 kg sheep  suet 
 sheep's stomachs /  tripe  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Wash and clean the liver and remove all blood vessels and membranes. 
 Mince the liver thoroughly into a paste. 
 Mix with  milk  and  salt  and then  rye flour ,  oatmeal  and  flour . 
 The mixture should be thick. 
 Chop the  suet , finely or coarsely, depending on your tastes, and mix with the liver paste. 
 This mixture is traditionally sewn up into sheep's stomachs, but  sausage  skins or plastic bags that are suitable for cooking in can be substituted. 
 Fill the bags and close them well. 
 One lifrarpylsa is about the size of a man's clenched fist. 
 The cooking time given is for this size. 
 Drop the sausages into boiling  salt   water  and cook for 2 – 2½ hours. 
 When the sausages are dropped into the  water , it is a good idea to prick them few times with a pin to prevent them from bursting. 
 Turn over occasionally. 
 Eat hot with boiled or mashed  potatoes , cold with porridge or skyr, or use as topping on bread. 
 Frying is a good way to use up leftover  sausage . 
 You can either brown it in the pan with some  sugar , or sprinkle some  sugar  on it before eating. 
 Serve with mashed  potatoes . 
 Liver  sausage  is often preserved in skyr-whey, along with other traditional foods, such as blood  sausage , sheep's head jam and whale blubber. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/5/59/Lifrarpylsa.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004135']
Categories: Icelandic Appetizers, Icelandic Meat Dishes, Liver Recipes, Potato Recipes, Rolled oats Recipes, Rye flour Recipes, Sausage Recipes, Suet Recipes, Tripe Recipes, Add category