Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Deviled_(Stuffed)_Eggs

Description : 
 There are standard deviled eggs — the yolks mashed with mayonnaise and mustard — and there are dozens of possible variations. I give a couple of them here, but you can use almost any herb, spice, or other seasoning in the mix. Make lower-fat deviled eggs by replacing the mayonnaise with low fat  yogurt .
 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 Source: How to Cook Everything, by Mark Bittman 
 Typed by: Susan alexanderjamesmom@gmail.com 
 Time: 5 minutes with precooked eggs, 20 with raw eggs 
 Makes 4 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 4 hard-boiled  eggs 
 salt  to taste 
 2 tbsp  mayonnaise , preferably homemade 
 1 tsp  Dijon mustard , or to taste 
 ½ tsp  cayenne , or to taste 
 paprika  or minced fresh  parsley  leaves for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Cool the eggs, peel them, cut them in half the long way, and carefully remove the yolks. 
 Mash the yolks with salt, mayonnaise, mustard, and cayenne. 
 Taste and adjust seasoning. 
 Spoon the filling back into the whites. (If you are making a lot of deviled eggs and want them to be especially attractive, use a pastry bag to pipe them back into the whites). 
 Garnish and serve, or cover and chill, well wrapped, for up to a day before serving. 
 Variations : 
 Anchovied Eggs  : In step 2, substitute 1 Tbsp olive oil for the mayonnaise; mash 2 or more minced anchovies with the yolks. Garnish with a piece of anchovy fillet and a couple of capers. 
 Herb-Stuffed Eggs  : In step 2, substitute 1 Tbsp olive oil for the mayonnaise. Add ½ tsp finely minced garlic, 2 Tbsp minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 Tbsp drained and chopped capers (optional), and 1 tsp minced fresh tarragon leaves or 1 Tbsp minced fresh basil leaves. Garnish with parsley sprigs or small basil leaves. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cathy's Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Anchovy Recipes, Caper Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Tarragon Recipes, Basil Recipes, Add category