Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bucatini_alla_Carbonara

Description : 
 Cook Time : 20 minutes 
 Serves : 6
 
 Ingredients : 
 500 grams  bucatini  or  linguini  hard grain pasta  [1] 
 4 liters  water 
 300 g  guanciale  ( salt pork  made from the cheek of the pig) 
 1 cup dry  white wine 
 200 g grated  Parmesan cheese 
 200 g grated  Romano  cheese 
 4  egg yolks 
 ½ stick of  butter 
 2 tablespoons fresh-grated  black pepper 
 chopped fresh  parsley  to taste 
 1 large serving platter kept warm 
 Directions : 
 Place water in kettle on fire to boil. 
 Cut salt pork into thick cubes (or short sticks)and place in pan to fry till light brown and crispy. 
 Add pasta to boiling water and cook for time indicated on package (circa 12–13 minutes). 
 Add 1 teaspoon of the ground peppercorns to the pork and continue frying for 1 minute. 
 Add white wine to the pork and allow alcohol to steam off over fire. 
 Loser fire to keep pork warm. 
 Beat the egg yolks till frothy and set aside. 
 Remove cooked pasta (al dente) from water and reserve the water hot for use in preparing the dish. 
 Place pasta in pan with pork over fire to amalgamate the two ingredients flipping the pan being careful not to break up the pasta. 
 Remove the pan from fire, add the egg yolks flipping the pasta to amalgamate. 
 If needed add hot pasta water to maintain creaminess while blending ingredients. 
 Add ½ of the Parmesan and ½ of the Romano cheese to the pasta and allow to amalgamate by flipping over again adding pasta water to maintain creaminess. 
 Pour onto warm platter and dust with more cheese on top, add crushed black pepper and serve immediately. 
 Cooked peas may be added to this dish at the last stage before placing on serving platter. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   If in the U.S., preferably DaVinci Brand which is imported from Italy) A shorter pasta like  rigatoni  or  penne  can be used when making for the first time to make it easier to handle the pasta when adding condiment.  
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Parmesan cheese Recipes, Romano Recipes, White wine Recipes, Linguine Recipes, Perciatelli Recipes, Salt pork Recipes, Add category