Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dhokla

      Dhoklas     
 Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   Tempering 
 1.2   Garnish 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 500 g   besan 
 1½ cup sour  yoghurt 
 1 tsp  ginger  paste 
 1 tsp  green chile  paste (add more if you like it spicier) 
 2 tsp  sugar 
 ½ tsp  turmeric powder 
 1 tsp  lime  or  lemon juice 
 2 tsp  baking soda 
 salt  to taste 
 Tempering : 
 2 tbsp  cooking oil 
 1 tsp  black mustard seeds 
 1 tsp  sesame seeds 
 6 – 8  curry leaves 
 2  green chiles  slit lengthwise 
 ½ cup warm  water 
 Garnish : 
 ½ cup finely chopped  fresh coriander leaves 
 Directions : 
 Sieve the besan. 
 Mix it with the yoghurt and keep aside for 2 hours. 
 Add the ginger and green chile pastes, turmeric powder, salt to taste, lime juice and sugar and enough warm water to make a batter of pouring consistency. 
 Mix well. 
 Divide the batter into 3 equal portions. 
 Prepare the steamer and grease a square/ rectangular pan to steam the dhokla in. 
 Divide the baking soda into 3 equal portions and add one portion to a portion of the batter. 
 Mix well. 
 Pour this batter into the greased dish and put it into the steamer. 
 Cook till done - when you touch the surface of the dhokla your fingers should come away clean. 
 Repeat with the remaining batter, adding the fruit salt/ baking soda to each batch of batter just before steaming. 
 Allow the steamed dhokla to cool slightly and cut into 2" squares. 
 To temper, heat the oil in a wide, thick-bottomed pan and add the curry leaves, mustard and sesame seeds and green chillies. 
 Fry till the seeds stop sputtering. 
 Pour these into the warm water. 
 Sprinkle this mixture all over the prepared dhokla. 
 Keep aside for 10 minutes. 
 Garnish with the chopped coriander and serve with tamarind chutney and mint-coriander chutney. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/46/Dhoklas.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004138']
Categories: Gujarati Vegetarian, Chickpea flour Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Fresh chile pepper Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Black mustard seed Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Curry leaf Recipes, Add category