Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Oreo_Bundt_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   Marshmallow Glaze 
 1.2   INSTRUCTIONS 
 
 1.2.1   Oreo Bundt 
 1.2.2   Marshmallow Glaze 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 1/4 cups  all-purpose flour 
 1/4 cup +2 Tbsp  black cocoa powder 
 1/4 cup +2 Tbsp  Dutch-processed cocoa powder  sifted 
 1 tsp  baking soda 
 1 tsp salt 
 1/2 cup milk room temperature 
 1 cup sour cream room temperature 
 1 cup unsalted butter room temperature 
 1 1/2 cup  granulated sugar 
 4 large eggs 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 2 1/2 cups Oreo cookie chunks approx. 12-15 cookies 
 Marshmallow Glaze : 
 2 cups  marshmallow fluff  store-bought or homemade 
 1/2 cup  powdered sugar 
 2-3 Tbsp heavy whipping cream 
 US Customary  -  Metric 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Oreo Bundt : 
 Preheat oven to 325F. Grease a 10 or 12-cup bundt pan and dust with Oreo cookie crumbs or cocoa powder. 
 In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powders, baking soda, and salt. Set aside. 
 In a measuring cup, mix milk and sour cream until combined. Set aside. 
 Place butter and sugar into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on med-high until light and fluffy (approx 3mins). 
 Add eggs one at a time, fully incorporating after each addition. Add vanilla. 
 Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture in 2 batches, alternating with milk/sour cream mixture. Beat until just combined. 
 Fold in Oreo cookie chunks. 
 Spread the batter evenly in the bundt pan. 
 Bake for approx. 55mins or until a cake tester comes out clean. 
 Cool in bundt pan for 10mins. Rap bundt pan on the counter to loosen cake and turn out onto cooling rack to cool completely. 
 Marshmallow Glaze : 
 Place marshmallow fluff, and icing sugar into a medium bowl, stir well to combine. Add 2 Tbsp of cream and stir until glossy and smooth. Add more cream as needed until desired consistency is reached. 
 Using a small measuring cup, pour glaze carefully onto the cooled bundt cake. 
 Top with chopped Oreos. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bundt cake Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Garlic powder Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Soda water Recipes, Kosher salt Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Butter Recipes, White Sugar Recipes, Egg Recipes, Vanilla Recipes, Cookie Recipes, Add category