Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Dum_Aloo_I

Whole potatoes in spicy yogurt gravy
 
 Ingredients : 
 12 even-sized small boiling  potatoes 
 7 tsp light  vegetable oil 
 1½ cup finely chopped  onions 
 1 tsp finely chopped  ginger root 
 2 tsp ground  cumin 
 4 tsp  ground coriander 
 1 tsp  turmeric 
 ¾ tsp red pepper 
 1 tsp mughal  garam masala 
 2 cups chopped or pureed fresh  tomatoes , or 1 cup canned tomato 
 ⅔ cup plain  yoghurt 
 4 tsp  kosher salt 
 ⅔ cup  heavy cream  (optional) 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Peel  potatoes  and prick them in 4 or 5 places. 
 Put them in a bowl of cold  water  until you are ready to cook them. 
 Heat 5 tbsp. 
 Of the  vegetable oil  in a large non-stick pan that can hold all the  potatoes  in one layer (such as a 5-quart casserole; cast iron Dutch oven is great) over medium-high heat. 
 When the  oil  is very hot, drain the  potatoes , pat them dry on paper towels, and add to pan with  oil . 
 Fry them until they acquire several tiny browned spots and a crust (about 8–10 minutes), turning and tossing them to ensure even  browning . 
 (this is an essential step, as the  browning  prevents the  potatoes ' falling apart during prolonged cooking. 
 ) with a slotted spoon, transfer them to a bowl. 
 Add the rest of the  oil  to the pan along with the  onions . 
 Fry until the  onions  turn caramel brown (the  onions  will become kind of sticky and the  oil  will separate from them - about 15 minutes), stirring constantly so that they do not burn. 
 Add  ginger , and fry for an additional 30 seconds. 
 Add  cumin , coriander,  turmeric , red pepper, and mughal  garam masala  all at once, and stir rapidly for 15 seconds. 
 Add  tomatoes ,  yoghurt ,  salt , and the fried  potatoes  (in one layer), and bring to a boil. 
 Reduce heat and simmer very gently, covered (we also crimp some aluminum foil around the lid edges to ensure a good seal), for 35 minutes or until the  potatoes  are fully cooked. 
 Check during cooking to make sure the gravy is not sticking and burning. 
 The gravy should be thick enough to coat the  potatoes . If it looks thin and runny, increase heat and boil rapidly, uncovered, until it reduces to the desired consistency. If, on the other hand, the gravy is too thick, add a few tablespoons of  water . 
 Add  cream , stir, and simmer until heated through. 
 If you want the dish to taste milder and subtler, stir in a little more  oil  (about 2 tbsp). 
 Check for  salt , and serve. 
 Note : 
 This dish improves with keeping. For best results make it at least a few hours before you are going to serve it. It can be refrigerated for up to 4 days without loss of flavor
 
 
 
 
Categories: Sri Lankan Vegetarian, Garam masala Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Onion Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Masala Recipes, Potato Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category