Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Scallion_Cr%C3%AApes_with_Red_Lentils

Ingredients : 
 ⅓ cup  egg whites  (2½ large) 
 ¾ cup  soy milk 
 1½ tsp  honey 
 1½ tsp dark  sesame oil 
 ½ tsp  sugar 
 2  scallions , thinly sliced 
 ½ cup  all-purpose flour 
 vegetable oil  for brushing pan 
 1 tbsp  sesame seeds 
 ¼ cup reduced-sodium  soy sauce 
 2 tbsp  rice vinegar 
 2 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 1 tsp  cornstarch 
 1 cup  red lentils , rinsed 
 Directions : 
 In medium saucepan, combine  lentils  and 3 cups  water  and bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer until  lentils  are just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. 
 Drain, transfer to medium bowl and set aside. 
 While  lentils  are cooking, preapre crepes. 
 In large bowl, whisk together  egg whites  and  soy milk  until well combined. 
 Whisk in  honey , 1 teaspoon  sesame oil ,  sugar  and scallions. 
 Gradually whisk in  flour  until smooth. 
 Heat large nonstick skillet or griddle over low heat. 
 Brush with a little  vegetable oil . 
 When pan is hot, pour 3 tablespoons batter into center of pan and quickly rotate pan to spread batter evenly. 
 Cook until holes appear on top and underside is light golden brown, about 1 minute. 
 Turn crepe; cook 1 minute more. 
 Transfer to platter or sheet of waxed paper; do not stack. 
 Repeat with remaining batter to make 8 crepes, brushing pan with more  vegetable oil  between batches. 
 Set aside. 
 In small nonstick skillet, cook  sesame seeds  over low heat, stirring often, until lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Remove from heat. 
 In medium bowl, mix together soy sauce,  rice vinegar ,  lemon juice ,  cornstarch  and remaining ½ teaspoon  sesame oil ; add to  sesame seeds . 
 Return skillet to medium heat and cook, stirring, until mixture comes to a boil and thickens slightly, about 1 minute. 
 Immediately pour mixture over  lentils ; stir to combine. 
 Fill each crepe with ¼ cup  lentil  mixture, roll up and serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Categories: Crêpe Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Honey Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Red lentil Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category