Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cherry-Berry_Low-fat_Fake_Cheesecake

Description : 
 Recipe from  the sneaky kitchen .
 
 Ingredients : 
 6 oz pkg.  cherry  flavored  gelatin  (or two 3-oz pkgs.) 
 1 lb can whole  cranberry sauce 
 1 can  sour cherries 
 1 recipe  Double-rich Vanilla Pudding 
 1 packet  unflavored gelatin 
 1 tsp  corn starch , rounded 
 ½ cup fat free  sour cream 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 1¾ cups  water , divided 
 Directions : 
 Bring 1½ cups of  water  to a boil. Add cherry gelatin and stir until dissolved. 
 Add  cranberry sauce  and stir to break up and dissolve the sauce. 
 Stir until all the jelled  cranberry  has melted and only the  cranberries  remain whole. 
 Drain the  cherry  juice into a bowl, using a non-metallic colander. 
 Mush the  cherries  with your fingers to further drain the juice and break up the  cherries  into small pieces. When  cherries  are completely drained, add them to the  gelatin / cranberry  combination. 
 Put the  cherry  juice into a two-cup measuring cup. 
 Add enough ice cubes (or  water ) to make almost but not quite 2 cups. 
 Add to the cherry-berry mix, stirring until the ice cubes are entirely melted. 
 Pour into a 3-quart casserole or other dish. Chill until  gelatin  is set. 
 Put ¼ cup of  water  into a glass bowl or measuring cup. 
 Add the  unflavored gelatin  and let set for two or three minutes to soften. 
 Place in the microwave for 30 seconds to melt, or heat in a small pan over medium-low heat. 
 Make the  vanilla pudding  according to instructions, but adding an extra rounded teaspoon of  cornstarch . (If you don't use  egg yolks , use two teaspoons of extra  cornstarch  instead of one.) 
 At the end, mix in the extra ½ cup of fat-free  sour cream , the melted  unflavored gelatin , plus ¼ teaspoon of  almond extract  and remove from heat. 
 Allow the pudding to cool to barely warm, stirring from time to time so a skin doesn't form. 
 Pour gently on top of the cherry-berry  gelatin  mixture. 
 Chill thoroughly for several hours until firm, preferably overnight. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheesecake Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Healthy Desserts, Low-fat Recipes, Prepared cranberry sauce Recipes, Add category