Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Estonian_Sauerkraut

Ingredients : 
 5 kg white  cabbage  (remove the rootstock and cut in thin slices) 
 2  carrots 
 caraway seed 
 80 g  salt 
 10 g  brown sugar 
 Directions : 
 Use a stainless steel bucket, a large glass pot or a glazed, lead free pot you also need a cloth mesh or thin cotton cloth, a weight for example a can filled with  water  or a carefully cleaned rock (boil it). 
 Start with a layer of  cabbage , about 2 cm thick. 
 Sprinkle some of the  salt / sugar  and press with the bottom of a bottle so that the  cabbage  waters. 
 Sprinkle some caraway and put some thin slices of  carrot  and a new layer of  cabbage . 
 Keep doing until all the  cabbage  is pressed and covered in its own  water . 
 Cover the  cabbage  with the mesh and poke it down along the edges (use a clean tool, ex. 
 Spoon handle) so that no of the  cabbage  can come to the surface. 
 Put a clean plate on top; be careful not to get any air in between the  cabbage  and the plate!! 7. 
 Put the weight on the plate so that the plate and the  cabbage  is completely covered by the liquid. 
 Cover the container with a clean towel and let it stand in room temperature until it starts the ferment, about three days. 
 After that put it somewhere cool like the bottom of the fridge. 
 When you start to take from the  sauerkraut  you should swap towel or at least remember what side was downwards and put it the same way. 
 The inner walls of the bucket are wiped with paper without getting possible coating into the liquid. 
 Wash weight, plate and cloth with hot  water  no detergent. 
 Remove the  sauerkraut  with some tool packs it smooth and cover it with cloth, plate and weight and cover it with a towel. 
 When you move the bucket avoid quick movements to avoid air contact. 
 If there is mould on the surface, remove it without letting it down into the liquid. 
 Use: if you make a lot it's perfectly fine, freeze it and use it later. 
 
 
 
Categories: Estonian Vegetarian, Caraway seed Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Sauerkraut Recipes, Cabbage Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Add category