Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tofu_Satay_with_Ginger-Cashew_Sauce

Description : 
 This red-hot, vegetarian version of the satay is made and packed with tofu, real vegetables, fruit juice, soy sauce, and herbs in a skewer and topped with a tangy cashew sauce.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the satay base : 
 1 lb.  extra-firm tofu , drained and cut into 1-inch cubes 
 1 large  green bell pepper , cut into small squares 
 6 oz.  baby portobello mushrooms , stemmed 
 1 cup  cherry tomatoes 
 ⅓ cup low-sodium  soy sauce 
 2 tbsp. fresh  lime juice 
 1 tbsp.  brown sugar 
 1 tbsp. dark  sesame oil 
 2 medium cloves  garlic , minced 
 fresh  cilantro  sprigs for garnish (optional) 
 Ginger-cashew sauce : 
 1 cup raw  cashews  (4. oz) 
 1 tbsp. dark  sesame oil 
 2 tsp. minced fresh  ginger 
 2 medium cloves  garlic , minced 
 3  scallions  (white and light green parts), chopped 
 ¼ cup  soy sauce , dark only 
 ¼ cup canned  light coconut milk 
 ¼ tsp.  hot pepper sauce , or more to taste 
 Directions : 
 For the skewers and vegetables : 
 Soak 6 long bamboo skewers in cold  water  for 30 minutes or use 6 long metal skewers. 
 Thread  tofu ,  bell pepper ,  mushrooms , and  tomatoes  alternately on skewers. 
 Place in a single layer in a large glass baking dish. 
 In a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce,  lime juice ,  brown sugar ,  sesame oil , and  garlic . 
 Pour over skewers and let stand for 1 hour, turning occasionally. 
 Ginger-cashew sauce : 
 Meanwhile, make ginger-cashew sauce: in a food processor, place cashews and pulse on and off until ground. Set aside. 
 In a medium saucepan, heat  sesame oil  over medium heat. 
 Add scallions,  garlic  and  ginger  and cook, stirring often, 30 seconds. 
 Stir in or mix with ground cashews, soy sauce,  coconut milk , and hot sauce. 
 Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, 30 to 45 minutes, adding up to ⅓ cup  water  if the mixture seems too thick. 
 Remove from heat and set aside. 
 Satay : 
 Prepare the grill. 
 Place marinaded skewers on grill, simply reserving the marinade. 
 Cook until lightly browned, turning occasionally and basting with marinade, 12 to 15 minutes. 
 Transfer to the serving platter and garnish with  cilantro , if desired. 
 Serve hot over rice, with the  ginger-cashew sauce  for dipping. 
 
 
 
Categories: Vegetarian Recipes, Skewer Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Cashew Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, Extra-firm tofu Recipes, Light coconut milk Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Cremini mushroom Recipes, Vegan Recipes, Vegan Main Dish Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Vegetarian Main Dish Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, World Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Fruit juice Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Soy Sauce Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Scallion Recipes, Condiment Recipes, Grilled Recipes, Add category