Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Alabama-style_Pork_Tenderloin

Description : 
 Contributed by  World Recipes Y-Group 
 This Y-group is international. Good food from all parts of the world. A place where we can share the wonderful food from all over the world.
 
 Makes 4 servings. 
 Ingredients : 
 3 cups  orange juice 
 ¼ cup  soy sauce , dark or light only 
 2 tsp.  garlic , chopped 
 2 tsp. dried  rosemary 
 3 oz. frozen lemonade  or  (1 ¾ cup lemon juice) 
 1 ½ – 2 lbs .  pork tenderloin 
 2 tbsp.  oil , corn, olive, or vegetable only 
 1 tbsp.  all-purpose flour 
 1  onion , sliced or minced, red, white, or yellow only 
 1 green  pepper  (Jalapeño or Bird's Eye), sliced but deseeded if desired 
 Directions : 
 Combine the first 5 ingredients together and divide in half. 
 Place half of the marinade in the refrigerator and the other half into a plastic zip bag. 
 Slice the meat into 1-inch pieces with the chef's knife and place them in the bag. 
 Turn the bag several times so that the meat gets coated with the marinade. 
 Refrigerate for several hours or overnight. Heat the  oil  in a skillet and brown the meat on both sides. 
 Drain on paper towels; then place the  onion ,  pepper , and  flour  into a plastic cooking bag. 
 Shake thoroughly and arrange the meat in a 9-x-13-inch baking pan; set aside. 
 Pour the reserved marinade from the refrigerator over the meat and bake at 350° F for 30–40 minutes. Serve hot and plain or with rice but cut into pieces with a steak knife or a chef's knife then transfer to a large plate. 
 
 
 
Categories: Orange juice Recipes, Pork tenderloin and fillet Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rosemary Recipes, World Recipes, Fruit Recipes, Herb Recipes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Pork Recipes, Meat Recipes, North American Recipes, North American Meat Dishes, American Recipes, American Meat Dishes, Lemon juice Recipes, Fruit juice Recipes, Vegetable Recipes, Soy Sauce Recipes, Chili Recipes, Olive oil Recipes, Corn oil Recipes, Vegetable Oil Recipes, Add category