Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Crepas_de_Pollo


 
 Description : 
 Makes 16 to 18 crepes
 
 Ingredients : 
 Herbed crêpes : 
 1½ cups  milk  plus additional if needed for thinning 
 3  eggs 
 1¾ cups  flour 
 1½ teaspoons  salt 
 2½ tablespoons  butter , melted 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  cilantro 
 2 tablespoons snipped fresh  chives 
 2 tablespoons finely chopped canned  green chilis 
 1 tablespoon snipped fresh  basil 
 1 cup cooked  rice , cooled 
 Mexican chicken : 
 ¼ cup  vegetable oil , divided 
 1½ cups chopped  onion 
 1 small  green bell pepper , diced 
 1 tablespoon minced  garlic 
 3 cups diced  chicken , cut into 1-inch cubes 
 3 tablespoons  chili powder 
 1 teaspoon  oregano 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 ½ teaspoon  red pepper flakes 
 2½ cups  chicken broth 
 1 x 6-ounce can  tomato paste 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 2 cups cooked  rice 
 1 cup  sour cream  for garnish 
 1 diced  avocado  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Herbed crêpes : 
 Combine  milk ,  eggs ,  flour ,  salt  and  butter  in blender or food processor. 
 Blend until smooth. Stir in (do not blend) the herbs, chilies and  rice  and let rest ½ hour. 
 Test batter for thickness. Thin with additional  milk  if necessary, batter should make a thin crepe. 
 Heat 8-inch skillet and brush with  vegetable oil . 
 Pour ¼ cup of well-stirred batter into pan. 
 Tilt pan so batter covers bottom completely. 
 Cook until golden brown on underside. 
 Loosen edge, turn and cook until lightly brown on other side. 
 Remove from pan, cool on wire rack; then stack, with a piece of wax paper between each crepe until ready for filling. 
 Mexican chicken : 
 Cook  onion ,  green pepper  and  garlic  in 2 tablespoons  oil  until tender but not brown in Dutch oven or large skillet. 
 Remove vegetables. Add remaining 2 tablespoons  oil  and  chicken  to Dutch oven and sauté 5 to 10 minutes. 
 Return vegetables to Dutch oven. Add spices, stirring to coat  chicken . 
 Add  chicken broth ,  tomato paste  and  salt . Stir to blend. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer 1 hour. 
 When ready to assemble crêpes, spoon 2 tablespoons  rice  and 2 tablespoons  chicken  mixture across center of each crêpe. 
 Overlap the two opposite sides over filling. 
 Place crepe seam side down in greased shallow baking dish and repeat with remaining crepes. 
 Cover baking dish with foil. Bake 15 to 20 minutes in preheated 350 °F oven or until heated thoroughly. 
 To serve, top each crepe with dollop of  sour cream  and diced  avocado . Makes 8 servings. 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Crêpe Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Mexican Recipes, Rice Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Add category