Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pork_Chop_Suey

Ingredients : 
 1 pound  pork  or  beef  (don't use  pork chops  as they are too dry) 
 Pork marinade : 
 1 teaspoon  soy sauce 
 1 - 2 teaspoons  oyster sauce 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 pepper  to taste 
 1 piece (under 1 teaspoon)  cornstarch 
 Sauce : 
 4 tablespoons  water  or  chicken broth 
 2 teaspoons  oyster sauce 
 ¾ to 1 teaspoon  cornstarch 
 Vegetables : 
 2 small bunches  bok choy  (can substitute  broccoli  if desired) 
 ½ cup  bamboo shoots , rinsed 
 ½ pound fresh  mushrooms , washed and patted dry with a paper towel 
 ½ cup  water chestnuts  (fresh if possible) 
 1 large  green pepper 
 2 stalks  celery 
 1  onion 
 ½ pound  snow peas  (optional) 
 oil  for stir-frying 
 Directions : 
 Cut the  pork  into thin strips. 
 Add seasonings to  pork , adding the  cornstarch  last. 
 Marinate the  pork  for 10 – 15 minutes. 
 While  pork  is marinating, prepare vegetables and sauce. 
 Sauce : 
 Whisk together the sauce ingredients and set aside. 
 Vegetables : 
 Cut  bamboo shoots  into thin strips. 
 Slice the  mushrooms  and  water chestnuts . 
 Cut the  green pepper  in half, remove the seeds and slice diagonally. 
 For the  bok choy , separate each stalk and leaves. 
 Cut the stalk diagonally and cut the leaves across. 
 Cut the  celery  diagonally. 
 Cut the  onion  in half, peel, and slice thinly. 
 Place the vegetables on a large tray, being careful to keep each group separate (include the  bok choy  stalks and leaves), and set aside. 
 Assembly : 
 Heat wok and add  oil . 
 When  oil  is ready, add the  pork . 
 Stir-fry  pork  until redness is gone. 
 Remove and set aside. 
 Reheat wok and add more  oil . 
 When  oil  is ready, stir-fry each of the vegetables. 
 The order doesn't matter, but you can stir-fry the  onions  and  celery  together and the  green pepper  and snow  peas  together. 
 When cooking the  bok choy , add the stalk first. 
 Add  salt  to taste as desired while stir-frying each group of vegetables. 
 Add  water  and cover wok while cooking  bok choy , as it doesn't contain much moisture. 
 Reheat wok and add  oil . 
 Give the sauce a quick re-stir. 
 Add and combine all the cooked ingredients in the wok. 
 Make a "well" in the center and gradually add the sauce, stirring to thicken. 
 Once it has boiled, remove the chop suey from the stove. 
 Serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chop Suey Recipes, Bamboo shoot Recipes, Beef Recipes, Pork Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Snow pea Recipes, Bok choy Recipes, Water chestnut Recipes, Celery Recipes, Onion Recipes, Add category