Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Salad_of_Beet_and_Fennel_with_Orange_Vinaigrette


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 head baby  frisée 
 12 each baby  beets , washed, dried, and greens cut to ¼ inch 
 3 each  garlic  cloves 
 12 each strips Reggiano  parmesan cheese , sliced with a potato peeler into long strips 
 2  oranges , segmented. Reserve ½ of 1  orange  rind for roasting the beets. Slice with no pith. 
 1  bulb fennel , sliced paper thin 
 up to ¾ cup  peanut oil 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 ¼ cup  orange reduction 
 2 tablespoons (or more)  rice vinegar 
 Orange reduction : 
 ½ cup freshly squeezed  orange juice 
 ½ each Thai  chili pepper , seeded and de-veined 
 2 each  kaffir lime leaves  - the zest of 1  lime  may be substituted 
 1 tablespoon  ginger , fresh, and chopped 
 1 teaspoon  thyme 
 Directions : 
 Beets : 
 In a bowl, toss beets,  garlic ,  orange  rind,  salt  and  pepper  and 1 tablespoon of  peanut oil . 
 Pour onto a large sheet of aluminum foil. 
 Wrap the foil into a "package", assuring that air cannot escape. 
 Bake in a preheated 350 °F oven for about 45 minutes, or until tender. 
 Once cool, peel beets by rubbing the skin off easily. 
 Cut beets in half. 
 Orange reduction : 
 Add all ingredients except the  lime  leaves to a saucepot (if using  lime  zest, add at the beginning with the other ingredients). 
 Bring to a simmer and reduce by half. 
 Add  lime  leaves and allow to steep like tea until cool. 
 Strain. 
 Vinaigrette : 
 Add  salt ,  pepper  and  vinegar  to the  orange  reduction and place in a food processor. 
 Gradually add (in a small stream)  oil  into  orange  mixture while running, allowing it to emulsify. 
 Once it starts to thicken, stop machine and taste-you may not need all of the  oil . 
 Less  oil  will give a light and pungent flavor, while more  oil  will mellow it a lot. 
 Assembly : 
 Gently toss  frisée ,  orange  segments,  fennel , beets,  chives  and vinaigrette in a bowl. 
 Place in the center of the plate, piling high for a dramatic effect. 
 Top the salad with the long Parmesan strips 
 For a special garnish, reserve some more  orange  rind. Grate it up and dry it. Sprinkle it over the rim line of the plate. 
 
 
 
Categories: New England Salads, Beet Salad Recipes, Fennel Salad Recipes, Chives Recipes, Thyme Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Rice vinegar Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Kaffir lime leaf Recipes, Chicory Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category