Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_with_Lemon_and_Peppers

Ingredients : 
 1  chicken  (3½ to 4 pounds), cut into serving pieces, or 8  chicken  thighs 
 salt  and  black pepper  to taste 
 2 to 3 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1 tablespoon  cumin 
 2 teaspoons  paprika 
 ½ to 1 teaspoon  powdered ginger 
 ½ teaspoon  turmeric 
 large pinch  saffron  threads 
 pinch  cayenne pepper , or more to taste 
 2  onions , chopped 
 5 to 8  garlic  cloves, coarsely chopped 
 ½ to ¾ cup chopped  cilantro 
 1  red bell pepper , roasted, peeled and cut into strips 
 1 cup diced  tomatoes  (canned is fine) 
 juice of 3  lemons  (about ⅓ cup) 
 1 cup  chicken broth 
 8 ounces Moroccan  cracked green olives 
 1  lemon , cut into wedges, for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. 
 Season the  chicken  with  salt  and  pepper , then brown lightly in the  olive oil . 
 Sprinkle with the  cumin ,  paprika ,  ginger ,  turmeric ,  saffron  and  cayenne . 
 Add the  onions ,  garlic  and  cilantro ; and sauté for a moment or two, combining the spices with the  chicken . 
 Arrange the  chicken  pieces in a single layer in a baking dish or casserole; add the roasted red pepper strips,  tomatoes , half of the  lemon juice , and the broth. 
 Pour about 1 cup  water  into the pan you used for  browning ; stir to incorporate all the goodies on the bottom of the pan, then pour over the  chicken . 
 You want the liquid to come about two thirds of the way up on the  chicken . 
 Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the  chicken  is tender, and the liquid has evaporated slightly. 
 Blanch the by placing them in boiling  water  for 1 minute. 
 Drain, then add them to the  chicken . 
 Pour the cooking juices into a small saucepan and skim off the fat. 
 Bring the juices to a boil and boil until reduced to a thick, flavorful sauce. 
 Remove from heat, add the remaining  lemon juice  and pour over the  chicken . 
 Garnish with  lemon  wedges. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Meat Dishes, Garlic Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Onion Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category