Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Alcapurrias

Ingredients : 
 M asa 
 
 1 bag of green  bananas  ( about 2 pounds ) 
 3 green  plantains 
 1 or 2 potato (water in potato keeps masa smooth) 
 1 or 2 yautia 
 3 tablespoons of  achiote  (annato seeds cooked in oil, so the oil can get the color and flavor from the seeds) 
 ⅛ cup of  vegetable oil ,  lard   or   shortening  (which has been heated with the achote until it has reached a deep red color) 
 3 tablespoons of  sofrito 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Directions : 
 You will find the meat filling recipe under the  Pastelillos  recipe. Notice the meat combination of  beef ,  veal  and  pork . You can leave out the  veal  and  pork  if you wish.
 
 Cut off the ends of the green  bananas  and with a paring knife make a slit length wise, making sure not to cut to deep, you just want to penetrate the skin. 
 Place the  bananas  in a pan with hot  water  from the faucet and  salt . This will make it easier to peel the skin off the  banana . 
 Once you have completed this stage, you will notice that the skin has started to come away from the  banana . 
 Take your knife and just move from side to side in a rocking motion. Do this the length of the  banana  and notice how easy the skin comes off . 
 Place the peeled  bananas  in a pot with cold  water  and  salt  making sure that they are completely covered in  water  and set aside. 
 Follow the same procedure with the green  plantains  and set aside. 
 Peel the  yautia  and place in a pot with cold salted  water . 
 Peel the white  Potato  and place in cold salted  water . 
 If you have or can get hold of a large deep roasting pan it will help you with the next step, and that is the grating part of this recipe. That's right we are going to have to use a grater. If you want a true Alcapurrias we are going to use some elbow grease, no blender or food processor. 
 You can start by grating the green  bananas  right into the roasting pan, followed by the rest of the other vegetables except for the  Potato , leave that for last. The  Potato  has always been used to clean and remove the residue of the other vegetables. 
 Once you have completed the grating add the sofrito and mix thoroughly. This would be a good time to add  salt  and  pepper  to taste. Now finally you can add the achote colored  oil  making sure to strain the  oil  so that none of the  achote seeds  fall into the mixture. Make sure that the mixture has completely absorbed all of the seasonings. The best way to this is to make sure that your hands have been washed clean and work the mixture like if was a piece of  flour  dough. 
 Once you have completed the mixing of the  masa  put it in a large covered bowl and allow to rest in the refrigerator for at least four hours or preferably over night. 
 When you are ready to fry the Alcapurrias, fill a deep fryer or caldero with enough  oil  or  shortening  for deep frying and heat to about 360 °F. 
 Make sure to wash your hands and then scoop out level kitchen spoon full of the mixture and place it on the palm of your hand. Add a teaspoon of filling in the center and then fold and roll into a cylinder shape making sure that the filling is well encased into the mixture. Set aside until you have at least two or three to fry at a time. 
 Fry the Alcapurrias bathing the top parts by spooning the hot  oil  over them until golden brown. Don't raise the heat anymore than you have to you want them to fry slowly so that they will cook completely inside. 
 Once they are done remove from the fryer and allow them to drain on a paper towel. Alcapurrias are best eaten while they are still hot. Remember this considered finger food so dig in and enjoy. 
 \
 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Appetizers, Potato Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Annatto seed Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Banana Recipes, Malanga Recipes, Masa Recipes, Ground veal Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category