Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Miso_Nikomi_Udon

Description : 
 Japanese noodles in miso soup
 Translated from a Japanese language cookbook (Shinkatei Hyakkajiten Vol. 1, Kodan-sha, 1967). I have recently made this, and will rearrange the directions to be more user-friendly by the end of April '05. Please regard the amounts of  Chicken ,  eggs ,  kamaboko , as suggestions.  Udon  are the comparatively thick white  Japanese noodles  made with white wheat flour. 
 Weighing the  miso  would be most accurate, but my conversion chart says that 160 g of  miso  is equal to 140 ml, or ½ US cup plus 1.4 tablespoons. Please use caution, because  miso  is very salty.
 
       Miso Nikomi Udon     
 Ingredients : 
 280 g fresh  udon  noodles, uncooked 
 120 g  chicken 
 4 small dried  shiitake mushrooms  (black  mushrooms ) 
 1 (65 g) package  aburage  (2 slices thinly sliced and fried  tofu ) 
 1 small  burdock root  ( gobo root ) 
 4 slices  kamaboko  (commercially available fish paste product) 
 4 hard-boiled  eggs 
 2  green onions 
 160 g  red miso 
 1400 ml  dashi  (Japanese soup stock) 
 200 ml  milk 
 ground Japanese brown  pepper  ( sansho ) 
 Directions : 
 Cut the  chicken  into small pieces and  salt  lightly. 
 Soak the shiitake in  water  until the tops (but not the stems) are soft. 
 Remove the stems and cook briefly in a small amount of  water  flavored with soy sauce and  sugar , to flavor mildly; i would use about ¼ cup  water  with 2 to 3 teaspoons each soy sauce and  sugar . 
 Prepare the  aburage  by placing it in a metal sieve in the sink and pouring 1 to 2 cups boiling  water  over each side, being careful not to burn yourself. 
 This is to remove some of the  oil . 
 Rinse in warm  water , squeeze dry and cut into 3 by ½ cm rectangles. 
 Wash and scrape the gobo with the edge of a knife (the most flavor is just below the surface of the skin, so don't scrape too deeply; the scraped areas will darken almost immediately, this can't completely be helped), and cut into slivers, as if you are sharpening a pencil, into a bowl of  water . 
 Cut the green  onion  into thin slices. 
 Peel the hard boiled  eggs  and slice horizontally. 
 Stir the  miso  and  dashi  together and strain. 
 Place  miso  mixture into a large pan; add the  milk  and just bring to a boil. 
 Immediately lower the heat to simmer. 
 Boil the  udon  in a lot of boiling  water  in a separate pan. 
 Stop cooking when the  udon  is still a little firm; drain and rinse under cold running  water  to remove starch. 
 Add the drained  udon ,  chicken , drained shiitake,  aburage , and gobo to the pan containing the simmering  miso  mixture, in this order. 
 When the  udon  and  chicken  are cooked through add the  kamaboko  and green  onion  and increase heat so that the soup will just boil up once more. 
 Remove from heat, divide into individual bowls, garnish with hard boiled  egg  slices and sprinkle on sansho. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/d/d5/Japanese_Noodles_in_Miso_Soup_Miso_Nikomi_Udon.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004614']
Categories: Burdock Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Dashi Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Japanese Soups, Red miso Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Udon Recipes, Add category