Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mee_Goreng_II

Description : 
 Malay stir-fried noodles
 
 Ingredients : 
 100 g  rice noodles   or   vermicelli 
 2 cups finely sliced  cabbage 
 1 cup  bean sprouts 
 2 cloves minced  garlic 
 ¼ cup thinly sliced  onion 
 2  eggs 
 1 tbsp  curry powder 
 1 chopped  tomato 
 1 tsp  soy sauce 
 1 tsp  chili powder 
 salt , to taste 
 3 tbsp cooking  oil 
 Directions : 
 Soak noodles in cold  water  for 20 minutes and drain. 
 Beat  eggs  in a small bowl, with a pinch of  salt  and fry in a non-stick pan. Remove and slice  egg  into strips. 
 Heat  oil  in a wok and sauté  garlic  and  onion  over medium heat till  onions  become soft. Add  cabbage  and  bean sprouts  and sauté for about 2 minutes. 
 Add  curry  powder, chopped  tomatoes ,  chili powder  and soy sauce, and continue to cook for another 2 minutes. 
 Add noodles and stir-fry until cooked. Top with crispy  anchovies  and sliced egg-strips before serving. 
 Recipe by Hooked on Heat : 
 The blog created by Meenakshi Agarwal is filled with, as the blogger says, lots of spice and everything nice. The pleasant design of the blog is matched by a huge variety of unique content – something you can rarely say about websites or blogs today – facts which make Hooked on Heat a valuable resource for anyone interested in Indian food. 
 Here you will find information on hundreds of Indian dishes, starting from Dips, Sauces and Chutneys, going through Soups and Salads and passing through Delectable Desserts and other food categories that will make your mouth  water . You can reach this wealth of information at the following URL:  hookedonheat.blogspot.com 
 
       Hooked on Heat Blog     
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a7/Hookedonheat.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/500?cb=20080516004853']
Categories: Bean sprout Recipes, Indian Vegetarian, Hooked on Heat, Cabbage Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Rice noodle Recipes, Vermicelli Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Egg Recipes, Onion Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category