Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bienenstich

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Bienenstich  cake mixture:
 
 1 3/4 c. sifted  all-purpose flour 
 3 tsp.  baking powder 
 1/2 tsp.  salt 
 8 Tbsp. (1 stick) of real  butter 
 /3 cup  granulated sugar 
 2  eggs , unbeaten 
 1 tsp.  vanilla 
 6 Tbsp. whole  milk 
 
  
Directions:
 
Preheat oven to 375°F. Grease and  flour  a 9" spring form pan. 
Sift together  flour ,  baking powder  and  salt .  cream  the  butter  until fluffy, add  Sugar  gradually, beating until light. Add  eggs  one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add  vanilla . Add dry ingredients 1/3rd at a time alternating with the 6 tablespoons of  milk . Stir only enough to blend thoroughly. Pour into the spring form pan.
 
The topping: Heat together  almonds ,  Sugar ,  butter  and  milk  or  cream  until the
 Sugar  dissolves. Pat a spoonful of  flour  over the top of the cake batter using the back of a spoon. Pour the  almond  mixture evenly over the batter. Bake 25 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Cool cake while preparing filling.
 
The filling: Combine  Sugar ,  cornstarch  and  egg  yolks in the top of a double boiler. Separately heat  milk  to scalding, slowly pour over  egg  yolk mixture, stirring constantly and quickly with a whisk. Place over hot  water , cook stirring constantly until smooth and thick. DO NOT ALLOW TO BOIL. Stir in  almond extract . Beat  egg  whites, adding the  salt , until stiff peaks form. Fold  egg  whites into the yolk mixture. Place a piece of wax paper over the top and chill.
 
Putting it all together: When the cake has cooled, slice in half crossways to
make two layers. Place bottom layer cut side up on cake plate. Spread with
filling. Top with the second layer with the  almond  glazed side up. 
Refrigerate until time to serve. 
 almond  topping mixture:
1/2 cup slivered  blanched almonds 
1/3 cup  Sugar 
1/4 cup (4 Tbsp.)  butter 
1 Tbsp.  milk  or  cream 
 
Filling mixture:
2 and 1/2 Tbsp.  Sugar 
2 Tbsp.  cornstarch 
3  egg  yolks, lightly beaten
1 cup  milk 
1/2 tsp.  almond extract 
3  egg  whites, stiffly beaten
a pinch of  salt 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 375°F. Grease and  flour  a 9" spring form pan. 
Sift together  flour ,  baking powder  and  salt .  cream  the  butter  until fluffy, add  Sugar  gradually, beating until light. Add  eggs  one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add  vanilla . Add dry ingredients 1/3rd at a time alternating with the 6 tablespoons of  milk . Stir only enough to blend thoroughly. Pour into the spring form pan.
 
The topping: Heat together  almonds ,  Sugar ,  butter  and  milk  or  cream  until the
 Sugar  dissolves. Pat a spoonful of  flour  over the top of the cake batter using the back of a spoon. Pour the  almond  mixture evenly over the batter. Bake 25 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean. Cool cake while preparing filling.
 
The filling: Combine  Sugar ,  cornstarch  and  egg  yolks in the top of a double boiler. Separately heat  milk  to scalding, slowly pour over  egg  yolk mixture, stirring constantly and quickly with a whisk. Place over hot  water , cook stirring constantly until smooth and thick. DO NOT ALLOW TO BOIL. Stir in  almond extract . Beat  egg  whites, adding the  salt , until stiff peaks form. Fold  egg  whites into the yolk mixture. Place a piece of wax paper over the top and chill.
 
Putting it all together: When the cake has cooled, slice in half crossways to
make two layers. Place bottom layer cut side up on cake plate. Spread with
filling. Top with the second layer with the  almond  glazed side up. 
Refrigerate until time to serve.
 
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/68/Bienenstich.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004532']
Categories: Almond Recipes, Almond extract Recipes, German Desserts, German Recipes, Add category