Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fish_%27n%27_Chips_%27n%27_Peas

Description : 
 Without a doubt, this is England's most famous dish. Always deep fried, the fish is mostly cod, and the batter made with  eggs ,  milk  and  flour . Liberally salted, the fish and chips are traditionally doused with  malt vinegar  and wrapped in newspaper, so that everything goes limp. My recipe is designed not to flaunt tradition, but to make the taste available to those who count fat grams for good reason. My method delivers this "grease heaven" for a mere 13 grams of fat per serving...or 23 percents calories from fat. The  peas  are definitely not "classic" - they simply don't behave well in a newspaper...but then who does? 
 
 Time estimate: hands on, 45 minutes 
 Ingredients : 
 Chips : 
 2 tbsp  olive oil , extra light with a dash of  sesame oil 
 2  russet potatoes , large, each sliced lengthwise into 9 even "sticks" 
 ½ tsp  salt , freshly ground 
 Fish : 
 ½ cup  cornmeal 
 ½ cup  bread crumbs 
 ½ tsp  cayenne pepper 
 ½ tsp  salt , freshly ground 
 1 tbsp  parsley , fresh, finely chopped 
 ½ cup  2% milk 
 ¼ cup  all purpose flour , sifted 
 1 tbsp  olive oil , extra light with a dash of  sesame oil 
 4  cod  fillets, 4 oz each with skin removed 
 Peas : 
 ¼ cup  water 
 2 cup  peas , frozen 
 ⅛ tsp  salt , freshly ground 
 1  mint  sprig 
 1 tsp  sugar 
 Garnish : 
 4  watercress  sprays, washed and dried well 
 1  lemon , cut in wedges 
 Directions : 
 Chips : 
 Preheat the oven to 500°F. 
 In a large frying pan, heat the oil and fry the potato sticks until brown on all sides - about 13 minutes. 
 Transfer the potatoes to a roaster pan and bake for 10 minutes. 
 Remove from oven and sprinkle with the salt. 
 Fish : 
 In a small bowl, combine the cornmeal, bread crumbs, cayenne, salt, parsley and dill. 
 Spread the mixture out on a large plate. 
 Pour the milk, flour and oil out, each onto its own large plate. 
 Set all 4 plates side by side. 
 Dip the fillets first into the milk and then into the flour, turning until completely covered. 
 Next dip the fish back into the milk, then into the bread crumb mixture and through the oil. 
 Place the breaded cod on a baking sheet and bake for 8 minutes (you can time the fish to cook for the last 8 minutes with the chips). 
 Peas : 
 In a medium saucepan, bring the water to a boil and simmer the peas, salt, mint and sugar until the peas are tender ~ about 3 minutes. 
 To serve : 
 Divide the fish and chips among 4 dinner plates. 
 I serve this classic with a "handy" wedge of lemon (easy to squeeze), peas and watercress. 
 It's the combination of golden browns and vivid greens and lemon yellow that makes such a great picture. 
 Notes : 
 Helpful hints: big chips. The bigger the better! We experimented for some time with the idea that the larger the french fry the lower its fat content would be. It's simply a matter of exposed surface area
 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (max / min):
 
 Calories 1104 / 516 | Fat (gm) 57 / 13 | saturated fat (gm) 19 / 2 | calories from fat 46% / 23% | cholesterol (gm) 150 / 63 | sodium (gm) 2264 / 546 | Fiber (gm) 8 / 8 
 
 
 
Categories: British Seafood Dishes, Main Dish Seafood Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Cod Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Watercress Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Low-fat milk Recipes, Mint Recipes, Pea Recipes, Russet potato Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Add category