Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Honey,_Orange_and_Pistachio-filled_Eid_Cookies

Description : 
 Ramadan is the ninth month in the Islamic calendar. During this month-long observance fasting during daylight hours is practised and when the fasting period ends, a celebration called Eid-ul-Fitr, featuring widespread feasting, commences. Because Ramadan is observed by Muslims of many nationalities — each with their own culinary traditions — there is no one set menu for this celebration. These cookies are from the Middle Eastern tradition.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 3 cups  all-purpose flour 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 tbsp  granulated sugar 
 1 cup  unsalted butter 
 ½ tsp pure  orange   oil 
 6 – 8 tbsp  ice   water 
 Filling : 
 ¼ cup fresh  orange juice 
 2 tsp honey 
 1½ tsp  lemon juice 
 1 cup dried, pitted  dates 
 ½ cup  raisins 
 ½ cup  dried apricots 
 pinch  cinnamon 
 ½ tsp each finely grated  orange  and  lemon peel 
 ¼ cup  pistachios , peeled and slightly toasted 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 325°F. 
 Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. 
 Dough : 
 In a large bowl or food processor, mix  flour , with  sugar  and  salt . 
 Cut or pulse  butter  into  flour  mixture until mealy looking. 
 Drizzle in  orange   oil  and, mixing, gradually, add just enough  water  to create a stiff dough. 
 Knead gently on a lightly floured board and pat into a disc. 
 Wrap and set aside while making filling (note: dough can be briefly chilled if it seems sticky or begins to look greasy) 
 Filling : 
 In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, cook the  orange juice , honey,  lemon juice ,  dates ,  raisins  and  apricots  for about 5 minutes to soften. 
 Add  cinnamon ,  orange  and  lemon peel . 
 Cook over low heat until mixture is pasty. 
 Cool well then place in a food processor and process until smooth. 
 Stir in the  nuts . 
 Roll dough out between sheets of wax paper to ¼ inch thick (5 mm) and cut into 2-inch (5 cm) rounds. 
 Fill with a dollop of filling and pinch to close. 
 Place formed cookies on baking sheet and bake in centre of preheated oven for 22 to 25 minutes or until very lightly browned. 
 Cool on a rack. 
 
 
 
Categories: Apricot Recipes, Arabian Snacks, Dates Recipes, Dried apricot Recipes, Filled cookie Recipes, Holiday cookie Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category