Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Potato_Cakes_stuffed_with_Lamb_and_Pine_Nuts


 
 Description : 
 This recipe comes from a recent magazine feature on the owners of Moro, a famous Spanish restaurant in London, England. I haven't tried it but the picture sure made it look good. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Potato dough : 
 700 g  potatoes , skins on 
 1 tablespoon  flour , plus extra  flour , for dusting  salt 
 Lamb filling : 
 25 g  butter 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 1 medium  onion , finely chopped 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 ½ teaspoon fresh ground  black pepper 
 ¼ teaspoon freshly grated  nutmeg 
 ¼ teaspoon ground  cloves 
 3  cardamom  pods, seeds only, ground to a powder (optional) 
 200 g finely  minced lamb 
 50 g  pine nuts 
 1 tablespoon  tomato purée 
 3 tablespoons chopped  parsley 
 2 tablespoons  water 
 ¼ – ⅓ cup  oil , for frying 
 Garnish : 
 200 g Greek  yogurt , thinned with 
 2 tablespoons  milk 
 1 clove  garlic , crushed with  salt 
 Directions : 
 Potato dough : 
 Boil the  potatoes  whole until cooked but not mushy. 
 Drain well for 10 minutes and then, while they are still warm, peel and mash. 
 Stir in the  flour  and season with  salt . 
 Set aside. 
 Lamb filling : 
 Melt the  butter  and  olive oil  together in a pan over a medium-high heat. 
 Add the  onion  and cook until it is nice and soft, then add all the spices and cook for a further minute. 
 Add the  lamb  and cook for 5 – 8 minutes until nicely browned. 
 Stir in the  pine nuts ,  tomato  puree,  water  and the  parsley . 
 Season with  salt  and  pepper  and set aside until cool enough to handle. 
 To prepare the  potato  cakes, first wash and dry your hands, then  flour  them. 
 Divide the dough into 4 balls. 
 On a well floured surface, flatten one ball to a disc about 1 cm thick. 
 Put 2 tbsp of filling in the centre and bring up the sides of the dough to enclose the meat. 
 Place on a floured surface, neaten the shape of the cake and patch up any cracks. 
 You should get a patty about 10 cm across and 3 – 4 cm thick. 
 Repeat with the other dough balls. 
 At this point, you can keep the cakes in the fridge for 1 – 2 days — just make sure there's enough  flour  to keep them from sticking — but the fresher the better. 
 Cover the bottom of a large frying pan with  oil  3 – 4 mm deep and place over a medium to high heat until nearly smoking. 
 Gently lift up the cakes and lower into the  oil  one by one. 
 Do not turn until they are dark, golden and crispy. 
 Fry the other side, dab off any extra  oil  and keep warm in a low oven. 
 Mix together the  yogurt  with the  garlic  and  salt . 
 Serve with a salad and the  yogurt  as a garnish. 
 
 
 
Categories: Persian Appetizers, Potato Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category