Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Traditional_Saudi_Kabssah


 
 Description : 
 You can ask any arabian about this Kabssah and everyone will say Saudis can't live with out it. I mean if there is a Saudi lady that does't know how to make it then that would be a very Weird thing.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 medium  onion , diced to small cubes 
 2 medium  tomatoes , peeled and diced to small cubes 
 1  garlic  clove, crushed 
 2 tablespoons  tomato paste 
 1 whole  chicken , cut in half 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 1 teaspoon ground  cardamom 
 1 teaspoon ground  ginger 
 1 teaspoon  ground coriander 
 1 tablespoon  cumin 
 salt 
 pepper 
 basmati rice 
 Directions : 
 Put the  onions  in a medium size pot, drizzle 2 tablespoons of  olive oil  and cook it on medium high heat until the  onions  are yellowish and starting to brown then put the  garlic , cook for a few seconds then put in the  tomatoes ,  tomato  paste,  salt , paper and the spice mix, cook it until the become a thick red sauce and the  tomatoes  are almost melted. 
 Put in the  chicken  halves sauté it with the sauce for a few minutes, then poor in some hot  water  just a little bet over the  chicken  and bring it to a boil, then lower the heat to medium low and let it cook for 40 – 50 minutes or until the  chicken  is cooked. 
 While the  chicken  is cooking wash the  rice  and soak it in cold  water  for 30 minutes. 
 Take the  chicken  out and put it in a roasting pan, put in the oven and broil it until it’s golden. 
 Drain the  rice  from  water  and put it into the  chicken broth . 
 Make sure there isn’t a lot of  water  in the pot. 
 Cook it on medium high heat, let it boil until it is almost dry but not too dry make sure there is a little bet of broth left in the end of the pot. 
 Lower the heat to very low and cover well and cook for 10 minutes. 
 Now all you have to do is uncover put the  rice  in a big serving plate top with the  chicken  serve with a  yogurt  salad or a green salad and enjoy a great Saudi meal. 
 
 
 
Categories: Basmati rice Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Onion Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Saudi Arabian Meat Dishes, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category