Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Creole-style_Vegetarian_Jambalaya

Description : 
 This is a pretty good recipe and using  eggplant  in this dish is a good idea. This dish has lots of room for you to improvise and create your own jambalaya. This recipe is Creole-style, with a  tomato  base, but you may omit the  tomato paste  and  tomatoes  if you want country-style jambalaya. Serve with a salad and  ice  cold  beer .
 
       Creole-style Vegetarian Jambalaya     
 Ingredients : 
 ½ cup  olive oil 
 2 cups  yellow onions , small dice 
 1 cup  red onions , small dice 
 1 cup  bell peppers , small dice 
 1 cup  celery , small dice 
 2 cups  eggplants , diced 
 1 cup  yellow squash , diced 
 1 cup  zucchini , diced 
 1 tablespoon minced  garlic 
 2 tablespoons minced  shallots 
 3 cups chopped  tomatoes 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 ½ – 1 teaspoon  cayenne pepper , to taste 
 2 teaspoons  Creole seasoning , to taste 
 ½ teaspoon dried  thyme 
 3  bay leaves 
 4 cups  long-grain rice 
 1 cup  tomato paste 
 8 cups  vegetable stock 
 1 cup chopped  green onions 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  oil  in a large heavy pot over medium heat. 
 Add the  onions , shallots,  bell peppers  and  garlic  and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. 
 Add the  eggplant ,  squash , and  zucchini , and saute until they're tender, about other 5 minutes or so. 
 Add the  tomatoes . 
 Season with  salt , creole seasoning, and additional  cayenne , if desired. 
 Add the  bay leaves . 
 Add the  rice  and stir for 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Heat the  tomato  paste in a non-stick pan and stir, making sure it doesn't stick or burn, until the sugars in the paste begin to caramelize, and the paste begins to turn a deep mahogany color. 
 Deglaze with some of the  vegetable stock , stir and combine thoroughly. 
 Add the  tomato  paste to the rest of the  vegetable stock  and stir until well-blended. 
 Add the  vegetable stock / tomato  mixture to vegetables, stir and cover. 
 Cook for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the  rice  is tender and the liquid has been absorbed. 
 Do not stir the jambalaya while it's cooking. 
 Remove from heat and let stand for 2–3 minutes. 
 Add the  green onions  and mix thoroughly. 
 Garnish with some fresh long  chives , and serve with a salad and good  beer . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/4/4c/Creole-style_Vegetarian_Jambalaya.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004857']
Categories: Jambalaya Recipes, Creole Vegetarian, Tomato Recipes, Tomato paste Recipes, Chives Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Red onion Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Summer squash Recipes, Yellow onion Recipes, Bell pepper Recipes, Celery Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Shallot Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Add category