Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Homemade_Cottage_Cheese_Pierogies

      Homemade Cottage Cheese Pierogies     
 Ingredients : 
 Cottage cheese filling : 
 2 cups dry curd  cottage cheese 
 1  egg , slightly beaten 
 salt 
 Perogies : 
 2½ cups  flour 
 ½ teaspoon  salt 
 1  egg 
 2 teaspoons  oil 
 ¾ cup warm  water 
 Directions : 
 Cottage cheese filling : 
 Combine the  cottage cheese  with the  egg  and season to taste with the  salt . 
 If the  cheese  is very dry, an additional  egg  (or  egg  yolk) or thick  sour cream  can be added. 
 The filling should be thick enough to hold its shape. 
 Perogies : 
 Mix the  flour  with the  salt  in a deep bowl. 
 Add the  egg ,  oil  and  water  to make a medium soft dough. 
 Knead on a floured board until the dough is smooth. 
 Caution: too much kneading will toughen the dough. 
 Divide the dough into 2 parts. 
 Cover and let stand for at least 10 minutes. 
 Prepare the filling. 
 Roll the dough quite thin on a floured board. 
 Cut rounds with a large biscuit cutter, or as most old-world grandmothers did, with the open end of a glass. 
 Put the round in the palm ofyour hand. 
 Place a spoonful of filling in it, fold over to form a half circle and press the edges together with the fingers. 
 The edges should be free of filling. 
 Be sure the edges are sealed well to prevent the filling from running out. 
 Place the pierogi on a floured board or tea towel and then cover with another tea towel to prevent them from drying out. 
 Drop a few pierogies into a large quantity of rapidly boiling salted  water . 
 Do not attempt to cook too many at a time. 
 Stir very gently with a wooden spoon to separate them and to prevent them from sticking to the bottom of the pot. 
 Continue boiling for 3-4 minutes. 
 The cooking period will depend upon the size you made it, the thickness of the dough and the filling. 
 Pierogies will be ready when they are puffed. 
 Remove them with a perforated spoon or skimmer to a colander and drain thoroughly. 
 Place in a deep dish, sprinkle generously with melted  butter  to prevent them from sticking. 
 Cover and keep them hot until all are cooked. 
 Serve in a large dish without piling or crowding them. 
 Top with melted butter- chopped crisp  bacon  and/or chopped  onions  lightly browned in  butter . 
 Notes : 
 One of the great things about perogies, is that they can be made in large quantities, refrigerated, frozen and reheated without loss of quality. Many prefer reheated perogies as compared to freshly boiled ones. To re-heat, you can:
 
 pan fry pierogies in  butter  or  bacon fat  until they are light in color 
 heat the pierogies in the top of a double boiler or in the oven until they are hot and plump 
 deep fry them. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/1/12/Homemade_Cottage_Cheese_Pierogies.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004050']
Categories: Polish Vegetarian, Polish Appetizers, Dumpling Recipes, Cottage cheese Recipes, Egg Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Add category