Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Spinach


 Browse All Spinach Recipes   
       Spinach     
 Contents 
 
 1   About Spinach 
 2   Selection 
 3   Storage 
 4   Varieties 
 
 4.1   Flat or Smooth Leaf 
 
 
 5   Savoy 
 6   Semi-Savoy 
 7   Preparation 
 
 7.1   Blanching 
 7.2   Microwaving 
 7.3   Sautéing 
 7.4   Steaming 
 
 
 8   Canned spinach 
 
 8.1   Storage 
 8.2   Preparation 
 
 
 9   Spinach Recipes 
 10   Source 
 
 
 About Spinach : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Spinach on Wikipedia 
 Spinach (Spinacia oleracea) is a flowering plant in the family Amaranthaceae, native to central and southwestern Asia. It is an annual plant (rarely biennial), which grows to a height of up to one metre. The leaves are alternate, simple, ovate to triangular-based, very variable in size from about 3-30 cm long and 1-15 cm broad, with larger leaves at the base of the plant and small leaves higher on the flowering stem. The flowers are inconspicuous, yellow-green, 3-4 mm diameter, maturing into a small hard dry lumpy fruit cluster 5-10 mm across containing several seeds.
 Spinach  is believed to be of Persian origin and introduced into Europe in the 15th century (Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia). Since the early 19th century, spinach has been a versatile and commonly used vegetable in the United States. Eating and preparing spinach is simple and easy, since it tastes good raw or cooked. Spinach can be found fresh, frozen, or canned; it can be easily incorporated into many dishes. Its versatility makes it easy to serve raw in salads or sandwiches or as a complement to  soups , meat, fish, or other vegetable dishes.
 In addition to being tasty, spinach’s popularity stems from its high nutritional value. Not only is spinach low in calories, it is also a good source of essential nutrients such as vitamins A and C.
 
 Selection : 
 At the supermarket, you can find spinach packaged fresh, canned, or frozen. Fresh spinach is usually found loose or bagged. For the best quality, select leaves that are green and crisp, with a nice fresh fragrance. Avoid leaves that are limp, damaged, or spotted. If you are in a rush, grab a bag of fresh, pre-washed spinach. The ready-to-eat packaging makes it easy to be on the go and still stay healthy.
 Fresh spinach is available all year. Major supplies come from Texas and California where it grows as a cool winter crop.
 
 Storage : 
 Fresh spinach should be dried and packed loosely in a cellophane or plastic bag and stored in the refrigerator crisper. If stored properly, it should last 3 or 4 days.
 
 Varieties : 
 Flat or Smooth Leaf : 
 Flat or smooth leaf spinach has unwrinkled, spade-shaped leaves that have a milder taste than the savoy. This variety is commonly used for canned and frozen spinach as well as for soups, baby foods, and other processed foods.
 
 Savoy : 
 Savoy has crinkly, dark green curly leaves. The texture is different from the flat leaf but tastes equally as good. Look for fresh bunches of savoy at your local market.
 
 Semi-Savoy : 
 Increasing in popularity is the semi-savoy variety, which has slightly curly leaves. The slightly curly leaves have a similar texture to the savoy leaves but are easier to clean. This variety is usually sold fresh. It is also found in processed foods.
 
 Preparation : 
 Spinach grows in sandy soil, so wash it thoroughly to get rid of the grainy, sandy particles. Make sure to tear off the stem. Separate the leaves, and place them in a large bowl of water. Gently wash leaves, and let the sand drift to the bottom of the bowl. Remove leaves from the water, and repeat the process with fresh water until the leaves are clean.
 If spinach is to be eaten raw, dry it completely by using a salad spinner or by blotting it with paper towels. Slightly damp spinach can be steamed or microwaved without adding any additional water.
 
 Blanching : 
 Drop leaves into a large pot of boiling water. Once the leaves slightly wilt, drain and squeeze out excess moisture. This method is used to quick-cook spinach or to prepare it for sautéing, braising, or stuffing, and usually takes 2 to 5 minutes.
 
 Microwaving : 
 This method can be used instead of blanching. Place washed, slightly wet spinach in a microwavable dish, loosely cover, and cook until tender (4 to 7 minutes for ½ pound of spinach).
 
 Sautéing : 
 Blanched spinach can be sautèed quickly with a quick spray of oil. If cooked in a non-stick pan, only a spray is needed for several cups of chopped spinach. Try adding some garlic for flavor.
 
 Steaming : 
 If you plan to steam the spinach, do not dry leaves after washing. Steamed spinach makes a great side dish and usually takes only 5 to 10 minutes.
 
 Canned spinach : 
 Storage : 
 Avoid freezing or exposure to direct sunlight. Sudden changes in temperature shorten shelf life and speed deterioration.
 Store opened spinach in a tightly covered nonmetallic container and refrigerate. Use within 2 to 4 days.
 
 Preparation : 
 Canned spinach should be heated only to serving temperature and served soon after heating.
 Add flavor to canned spinach by seasoning with  garlic ,  pepper ,  lemon juice , or  Parmesan cheese .
 Drained and chopped  spinach  is excellent as a healthy filling for  pasta  and  enchiladas .
 
 Spinach Recipes : 
 Source : 
 Vegetable of the Month: Spinach  by the US Centers for Disease Control & Prevention, public domain government resource—original source of article 
 Spinach Canned  by the US Department of Agriculture, public domain government resource—original source of recipe 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/cd/Spinach.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130820205210']
Categories: Cooking greens, Leafy and salad vegetables, Add category