Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Stuffed_Chicken_with_Nutty_Cinnamon_Rice


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 2 tsp  oil 
 2 cloves  garlic  -- crushed 
 1  Onion  -- finely chopped 
 1 tsp  fennel seed 
 1/2 tsp  chili pepper  -- crushed 
 1/2 tsp ground  cinnamon 
 8 ozs ground  Pork 
 2 tbl  peanuts , oil-roasted—finely chopped 
 2 tbl  long-grain rice  -- uncooked 
 3/4 c  coconut cream 
 1 tbl fresh  mint  -- chopped 
 2 chickens 
 1 2/3 cu  coconut cream 
 2 c  water 
 2 tsps sauce 
 1 tsp  curry  powder 
 2 red chiles—chopped 
 peanuts  -- chopped (extra) 
 Directions : 
 Heat the  oil  in a wok or a frying pan, add the  garlic ,  Onion ,  fennel seeds ,  chilli  and  cinnamon  stir fry until aromatic. Add the ground  Pork , stir fry until the  Pork  has changed colour. Stir in the  peanuts  and  rice , stir until combined. Add the  coconut cream , bring to the boil, cover, reduce heat to low, cook for 10 minutes, remove the lid and stir in the  mint ; cool. 
 Spoon this stuffing mixture into the cavities of the chickens, forcing any remaining stuffing under the skin around the necks. Sew the cavity openings or secure with toothpicks. Secure the legs with kitchen string and tuck the wings behind the backs. 
 Combine the extra  coconut cream ,  water , sauce and  curry  powder in saucepan large enough to just fit both chickens, Bring to the boil, add chickens, simmer covered for about 45 minutes or until the chickens are cooked through. Turn the chickens once during cooking. 
 Remove the chickens from the pan, keep warm. Return the pan to the heat, simmer the pan juices uncovered over medium heat for about 15 minutes or until thickened slightly and reduced to about 1 1/2 cups liquid- the mixture will form a light sauce. Using sharp kitchen scissors and a sharp knife, cut down the centers of the chickens. Serve with the sauce, sprinkle with the sliced chillies and extra chopped  peanuts  if preferred. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chile pepper Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Coconut cream Recipes, Curry Recipes, Fennel seed Recipes, Fish Recipes, Laotian Meat Dishes, Laotian Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Mint Recipes, Add category