Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Taidetud_Vasikarind

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Serving 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Roast stuffed shoulder of veal
 
 Serving will be enough for 7-8 people. 
 Ingredients : 
 ½ lb  ground lean veal 
 ½ lb  ground lean pork 
 ½ lb  ground lean beef 
 ½ cup white  bread crumbs 
 ½ cup  sour cream 
 1 cup  onion  minced 
 2 cup  chicken stock 
 salt  (to taste) 
 pepper  (to taste) 
 2 each  eggs 
 5 lb boned  shoulder of veal 
 4 each hard-boiled  eggs  peeled 
 Directions : 
 Combine ground meats in a large mixing bowl. 
 Add bread crumbs,  onions ,  water ,  eggs , 1 tbsp  salt  and 1 tsp.  pepper . 
 Mix with your hands or with a large spoon until all ingredients are very well combined (you must vigorously knead this mixture for 3-5 minutes). 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Spread the  veal  skin-side down flat on some board or shelf using sharp knife; make small cuts in the thickest areas of the meat to make it even flatter. 
 Cover the  veal  with meat mallet, press it so as to fairly uniform thickness its thickness. 
 Remove cover then sprinkle it with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Spread ½ the stuffing on the  veal , leaving a 2" border of  veal  exposed all around the sides. 
 Lay hard-boiled  eggs  in a row down the length of stuffing and spread remaining stuffing in a layer over them. 
 Bring one long side of the  veal  over the filling to the middle and tuck-in the two ends. 
 Bring the other side over the filling to enclose it very well. 
 With kitchen cord, tie rolled  veal  crosswise at 2" intervals, then with more cord tie it lengthwise. 
 Place the rolled  veal  seam-side down in a shallow roasting pan large enough to hold it. 
 Pour in 1 and ½ cup  chicken stock  and roast for 2 hours basting  veal  from time-to-time with the juices in pan. 
 When meat is golden brown carefully transfer it to a serving platter then remove and discard cords. 
 Bring juices remaining in pan to a boil over high-heat. 
 If most of liquid has cooked away add remaining ½ cup  chicken broth  to pan. 
 Scrape into it any bits that may be sticking to bottom and sides of pan. 
 Remove from heat then stir. 
 Mix ½ cup  sour cream  into sauce by adding 1 tbsp at a time. 
 Serving : 
 Taste for seasoning and pour into a gravy-boat. 
 Slice  veal  roll crosswise into 1" rounds and arrange slightly overlapping down center of a large preheated platter. 
 Moisten them with a few tbsp of sauce and serve remaining sauce separately. 
 Usually rolled shoulder of  veal  is served with crisp fried  potato  patties. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Estonian Meat Dishes, Ground beef Recipes, Ground pork Recipes, Ground veal Recipes, Potato Recipes, Veal shoulder Recipes, Add category