Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Judi%27s_Ratatouille_Lasagne

Ingredients : 
 2 tbsp  olive oil , good quality 
 1 cup diced  zucchini   squash 
 ½ cup  yellow summer squash , sliced 
 1 cup sliced  brown mushrooms 
 1 cup diced  green pepper 
 1 cup diced  red bell pepper 
 1 cup  eggplant  with skin, diced 
 1 cup diced  onion 
 4  garlic  cloves, minced fine 
 1 large can chopped  tomatoes , drained very well 
 2 tbsp chopped fresh  basil 
 ¼ tsp dried  oregano , crushed with fingers 
 ¼ tsp Italian herb seasoning 
 4 tbsp Italian  flat leaf parsley , minced 
 ¼ tsp  black pepper 
 ¼ cup  red wine , good quality 
 Filling : 
 1½ cup part skim  ricotta cheese 
 ¾ oz  Parmesan cheese , grated 
 egg 
 12  lasagne  noodles cooked and drained (use imported Italian if you can) 
 3 cups  marinara sauce , homemade 
 ½ cup  mozzarella  cheese , diced 
 Béchamel sauce 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Ratatouille : 
 In 5 quart dutch oven, heat  oil . 
 Add  onions  and  garlic . 
 Stir for a minute or two, add  zucchini ,  yellow squash ,  mushrooms ,  eggplant  and cook for 5–6 minutes. 
 Keep stirring to prevent sticking. 
 Stir in drained  tomatoes , and seasonings. 
 Add wine. 
 Bring to boil. 
 Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer about 10 minutes. 
 Spray an 12 x 8"  lasagne  size pan with nonstick  cooking spray . 
 Filling : 
 In medium bowl, combine  ricotta cheese ,  parmesan cheese  and  egg . 
 Blend well. 
 Put a thin layer of marinara sauce in bottom of pan. 
 Put 6  lasagne  noodles on top of sauce. 
 Layer with half the  cheese  mixture, half the ratatouille and the remaining  cheese  mixture. 
 Cover with remaining 6 noodles. 
 Add a very thin layer of marinara sauce. 
 Sprinkle with  mozzarella . 
 Pour prepared bechamel sauce over top. 
 Cover with foil and bake 45 minutes or until bubbly. 
 Remove foil and let brown about 4–5 minutes. 
 Serve with grated  Parmesan cheese . 
 
 
 
Categories: Cremini mushroom Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Lasagne Recipes, Low-calorie Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Ricotta cheese Recipes, Recipes using prepared sauces, Add category