Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chargrilled_Lamb_Rumps_with_Spiced_Tomato_Jus

Description : 
 4 servings 
 
       Chargrilled Lamb Rumps with Spiced Tomato Jus     
 Ingredients : 
 4  parsnips 
 12  cardamom  pods 
 1 tbsp + 1 tsp  coriander seeds 
 3 tbsp  olive oil 
 4  garlic  clove, crushed 
 8 strips of  orange peel 
 4  lamb  rumps about 150 g ea 
 3  bird's eye chilies , dried 
 1 bunch  spinach , washed and trimmed 
 150 g  roma tomatoes 
 16  button mushrooms 
 16  cherry tomatoes 
 4 tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 2 tbsp  mint , fine chopped 
 2 tbsp  coriander , fine chopped 
 dash  balsamic vinegar 
 salt 
 pepper 
 oil  of deep frying 
 sprig of  rosemary 
 Directions : 
 Peel the parsnips, trim and shave into long strips. 
 Fry in hot  oil  in a deep fryer til lightly golden. 
 Drain briefly on paper, sprinkle with  salt , then store airtight once cooled. (Can be kept up to 2 days) 
 Split the  cardamom  pods and extract the seeds. 
 Put half of them in a dish with 1 teaspoon of  coriander seeds , the  olive oil ,  garlic  and  orange peel  and blend together to make a marinade. 
 Add the  lamb  rumps, turn to coat in the marinade, then  pepper  to taste. 
 Cover and leave a room temp for 1 hour. 
 Grind the rest of the  cardamom  pods with the 1 tbsp of  coriander seeds  and set aside for the  tomato  jus. 
 Mix the dried chillies and  rosemary  with 2 tbsp  olive oil . 
 Set aside for the  mushrooms . 
 Plunge the  spinach  into boiling  water . 
 Count to 30 and remove and drain with cool  water . 
 Drain again. 
 Next prepare the sauce ingredients. 
 Skin the  tomatoes , cut in half flick the seeds into a sieve, set over a bowl to drain, then dice the flesh. 
 Cool the marinaded  lamb  rumps on a very hot grill till done to your liking. 
 Transfer the  lamb  to a board and sprinkle both side very generously with the  salt . 
 Leave to stand 2-3 minutes while preparing the garnishes. 
 Put the  chilli   oil  for the  mushrooms  in a small frying pan and set over a medium high heat. 
 When hot add  mushrooms . Cook quickly until lightly browned. 
 Sprinkle with  salt  then tip onto a plate. 
 While the  mushrooms  are cooking, heat a large oiled pan over a medium heat. 
 Add the  spinach , sprinkle on a little  salt  and add some ground  pepper . 
 Reheat gently, don't fry. 
 Arrange on 4 dinner plates. 
 Wipe out both fry pans. 
 Put 1 tsp of  oil  in the small fry pan and set it over a med. 
 High heat. 
 When hot tip in the  cherry tomatoes . 
 Stir quickly and cook 20 seconds until glazed. 
 Turn onto a plate. 
 Warm the extra virgin  olive oil  in a fry pan. 
 Add the ground spices then add the diced tomato and strained jus, a good splash of  balsamic vinegar , ¼ ts of  salt  and the herbs. 
 Warm through then turn off the heat. 
 Slice the meat thinly across the  grain  and transfer to the plates. 
 Spoon over the tomato juice and garnish with the  tomatoes ,  mushrooms  and parsnips. 
 Serve immediately. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/6/6c/1059166844.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004801']
Categories: New Zealand Meat Dishes, Dinner Recipes, Parsnip Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Add category