Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mexican_Omelet

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes For Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Original recipe 
 Prep Time: 15 minutes | Cook Time: 25 minutes 
 Makes 6 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 1 pound lean  ground beef  or lean ground round 
 1 small  onion , chopped 
 1 teaspoon  chili powder 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 ½  green bell pepper , seeded and chopped 
 ½  red bell pepper , seeded and chopped 
 ½ cup mild  salsa 
 Egg Beaters Egg Whites , 16 oz. container 
 dash  pepper 
 1 teaspoons  margarine 
 ½ cup shredded  cheddar  cheese, 2% milk, reduced fat 
 salsa ,  sour cream  and  green onions  (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Cook beef and onion in a large skillet over medium-high heat until meat is browned and onion is tender; drain. 
 Add chili powder and next 4 ingredients and simmer over medium-low heat 5 to 7 minutes or until vegetables are slightly tender. 
 Whisk together Egg Beaters and pepper. 
 Melt margarine in skillet coated with cooking spray, rotating pan to coat bottom evenly. Add half of egg mixture. As egg mixture starts to cook, gently lift edges of omelet with a spatula and tilt pan so uncooked portion flows underneath. Flip omelet over. 
 Sprinkle one side of omelet with ½ meat mixture and ⅓ cup cheese. Slide out onto plate, folding omelet over filling. Keep warm and repeat process with remaining omelet. 
 Serve with salsa, sour cream and green onions, if desired. 
 Cooking Tips : 
 Alternatively, you can use 12 whole eggs. Here we've used Egg Beaters Egg Whites to reduce the total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol in the recipe. 
 Raw green onions have, in a small number of instances, been connected to food-borne illness. The only reliable way to eliminate this risk is to cook green onions thoroughly. Sauté in a skillet for 2 minutes. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Analysis Per Serving
 
 Calories 261 (51% from fat) | Fat 14.8g (sat 5.3g) | Protein 27.0g | Carb 5.1g | Fiber 1.0g | Chol 259mg | Iron 3.5g | Sodium 387mg 
 Diabetic Exchanges: 1 vegetable | ½ fat | 4 lean meat 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Cheddar Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Omelet Recipes, Prepared salsa Recipes, Add category