Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lonesome_Dove_Peach_and_Blueberry_Empanadas

Description : 
 Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 Source: Tim Love on the Lonesome Dove Trail — Recipes of Urban Western Cuisine 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 2 cups  flour 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 2 teaspoons  baking powder 
 ½ cup  chicken stock 
 ½ cup  shortening 
 1 tablespoon  flour 
 Filling : 
 3 tablespoons  butter 
 ¼ cup  flour 
 1 cup fresh  peaches , sliced with or without peeling 
 1 cup fresh  blueberries 
 ⅓ cup  brown sugar 
 1 teaspoon  cinnamon 
 peanut oil  for frying 
 Cinnamon sweet cream : 
 1 pint  heavy whipping cream 
 1 teaspoon  cinnamon 
 ½ cup  brown sugar 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 Directions : 
 Mix together all dry ingredients for the dough, keeping the tablespoon of flour for patting out the dough. 
 Add shortening, blending it into the dough with a fork to form crumbles. 
 Add the chicken stock to the mixture and blend until mixture becomes tacky to the touch. 
 Wrap dough in plastic wrap and allow to rest for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. 
 Melt butter in a saute pan. 
 Add flour, stirring until mixture becomes golden brown. 
 Add fresh fruit, sugar and cinnamon. 
 Stir constantly over medium heat until mixture thickens. 
 Remove from stove and allow mixture to cool completely, or chill in refrigerator until needed. 
 Divide dough into balls and roll out dough to -inch thickness. 
 Form dough into 4-inch rounds. 
 Place heaping tablespoons of fruit filling in center of dough rounds. 
 Moisten edges of dough with water and fold over center, forming half-rounds. 
 Press sides together to seal and crimp edges. 
 Fry empanadas in heavy skillet until golden brown. 
 Drain on paper towels. 
 Combine all ingredients for cinnamon sweet cream and whip until soft peaks form. 
 Serve with warm empanadas. 
 
 
 
Categories: Blueberry Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Peach Recipes, Add category