Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Ancho_Chile_Steamed_Pudding_Cake

Description : 
 Chocolate  and  chile pepper  are a natural pair. In a pudding cake, they meld like old (actually ancient) boon companions who know exactly how to act together. Served warm, the pudding is more pudding-like. Later at room temperature, it's more cake-like. I recommend  cherries  in  ouzo  syrup as extra profit, but a dollop of cream alone suffices.
 
 Contributed by  Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 Source: Kuhn Rikon, Switzerland 
 Excerpt from  The Pressure Cooker Gourmet  by Victoria Wise. ©2003, with permission from Harvard Common Press, 535 Albany Street, Boston, MA, 02118, www.harvardcommonpress.com 
 This recipe is from the April 2003 Chef of the Month interview with Victoria Wise. 
 Preparation time: 45 Minutes 
 Serves 6 to 8 (a 1 quart size pudding cake) 
 Ingredients : 
 unsalted butter , for greasing the dish 
 1 dried  ancho chile pepper 
 3 ounces  semisweet chocolate , broken up 
 6 tablespoons (¾ stick)  unsalted butter 
 ½ teaspoon  anise extract 
 1 tablespoon dry  sherry 
 2 large  eggs , separated 
 ½ cup  sugar 
 pinch of ground  cinnamon 
 2 tablespoons  all-purpose flour 
 ½ cup  crème fraîche   or  lightly whipped  heavy cream , for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Lightly grease a 1-quart soufflé dish or heatproof glass bowl. 
 Set a trivet in the pressure cooker and pour in 2 cups  water . 
 Tear open the  ancho chile , remove the stem, and scrape away the seeds. 
 Place the  chile  in a small saucepan with  water  barely to cover and bring toa boil. 
 Simmer for 5 minutes, remove from the heat, and set aside for 30 to 45 minutes to soften. 
 Scrape the pulp off the skin and discard the skin. 
 Mash the pulp with 2 tablespoons of the soaking liquid. Set aside. 
 Combine the  chocolate ,  butter ,  anise extract , and  sherry  in a small saucepan or microwave bowl. 
 Heat on medium-low on the stove top or microwave on high until the  chocolate  is soft but still holds its shape, about 3 minutes either way. Set aside. 
 Beat together the  egg  yolks and  sugar  in a medium-size bowl until beginning to turn pale yellow. 
 Whisk in the  cinnamon ,  flour , ancho pulp, and chocolate mixture. 
 In a clean bowl, beat the  egg  whites until soft peaks form and fold into the batter. 
 Pour the batter into the soufflé dish and cover with aluminum foil,pinching around the edges to seal. 
 Set the dish on the trivet in the pressure cooker, lock on the lid, and bring to pressure over high heat, 3 to 4 minutes. 
 Reduce the heat to low and cook for 25 minutes. 
 Remove from the heat and let sit for 10 minutes to finish cooking. 
 With the steam vent pointed away from you face, gently release any remaining pressure. 
 Remove the lid and lift off the foil with kitchen tongs. 
 Let sit until cool enough to handle. 
 To serve, scoop the pudding cake onto individual plates and garnish with a dollop of crème fraîche. 
 Or set aside at room temperature and leave out overnight without refrigerating. 
 Serve the next day without reheating. 
 
 
 
Categories: Ancho chile Recipes, Anise extract Recipes, Cake Recipes, Chocolate Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, Pudding Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Add category