Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ethiopian_Berbere_I

Description : 
 Narrow down just what it is i enjoy about Ethiopian food: " berbere ," the wicked-good spice that seems to pervade Ethiopian cooking. With the help of John Porterfield i now have the recipe for it, and have gotten his.
 Alan this is as close as I can get it. And it tastes like the real thing. The other part you need, though, is the spiced  butter oil  recipe. That is if you want to cook Ethiopian food.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 tsp ground  ginger 
 1 tbsp finely chopped  garlic 
 ½ tsp ground  cardamom 
 2 tbsp  salt 
 ½ tsp  ground coriander 
 3 tbsp dry  red wine 
 ½ tsp  fenugreek seeds 
 2 cup  paprika 
 ¼ tsp ground  nutmeg , preferably fresh grated 
 2 tbsp ground  hot red pepper 
 ⅛ tsp ground  cloves 
 ½ tsp ground  black pepper 
 ⅛ tsp ground  cinnamon 
 ⅛ tsp ground  allspice 
 1½ cup  water 
 2 tbsp finely chopped  onions 
 2 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 Directions : 
 In a heavy 3 quart saucepan(preferably one with an enameled or nonstick cooking surface), toast the  ginger ,  cardamom , coriander,  fenugreek ,  nutmeg , cloves,  cinnamon  and  allspice  over low heat for a minute or so, stirring them constantly until they are heated through. 
 Then remove the pan from the heat and let the spices cool for 5 to 10 minutes. 
 Combine the toasted spices,  onions ,  garlic , 1 tablespoon of the  salt  and the wine in the jar of an electric blender and blend at high speed until the mixture is a smooth paste (to make the paste with a mortar and pestle or in a blow with the back of a spoon, pound the toasted spices,  onions ,  garlic  and 1 tbsp of the  salt  together until pulverized. Add the wine and continue pounding until the mixture is a moist paste). 
 Combine the  paprika , red pepper,  black pepper  and the remaining tablespoon of  salt  in the saucepan and toast them over low heat for minute or so, until they are heated through, shaking the pan and stirring the spices constantly. 
 Stir in the  water , ¼ cup at a time, then add the spice-and-wine mixture. 
 Stirring vigorously, cook over the lowest possible heat for 10 to 15 minutes. 
 With a rubber spatula, transfer, the berbere to a jar or crock, and pack it in tightly. 
 Let the paste cool to room temperature, then dribble enough  oil  over the top to make a film at least ¼ inch thick. 
 Cover with foil or plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use. 
 If you replenish the film of  oil  on top each time you use the berbere, it can safely be kept in the refrigerator for 5 to six months. 
 
 
 
Categories: Allspice Recipes, Berbere Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Ethiopian Vegetarian, Fenugreek Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red wine Recipes, Add category