Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ndol%C3%A9_(Bitterleaf)_Soup


 
 Ingredients : 
 2 to four cups fresh or dried  bitterleaf , or several cups of  spinach , or similar  greens 
 2 cups fresh  shrimp  or  prawns ,  or  one cup  dried shrimp  or prawns 
 2 pounds dried, salted, or smoked * 2 cups raw shelled  peanuts 
 1 chopped  onion 
 2 teaspoon of  fresh ginger  root, finely minced 
 2 cloves  garlic , finely minced 
 6 ripe  tomatoes , chopped and mashed may be peeled if desired 
 ½ teaspoon  thyme  (optional) 
 ½ teaspoon  rosemary  (optional) 
 1  green bell pepper , chopped (optional) 
 1  chile pepper , chopped (optional) 
 4 cups of  chicken broth  or  chicken stock 
 palm oil  or  vegetable oil  for frying 
 salt ,  black pepper ,  cayenne pepper  or red pepper 
 Directions : 
 If you are using dried or fresh bitterleaf, wash it in cold  water , rinsing several times, and allow it to soak for at least a few hours, then chop it into pieces.
 If you are using  spinach  leaves, clean and chop them immediately before cooking the soup. 
 If you are using any other greens (such as  kale  or  collard greens ), clean, chop, and parboil them briefly before cooking the soup. 
 Marinate the  shrimp  (or prawns) for a few hours in a paste made from half the minced  ginger , half the chopped  onion , and a little  oil .
 If using  dried shrimp , add a little  water . Soak the dried/salted in  water  for a few hours. 
 After you have started cooking the soup cut the into pieces and remove any skin or bones. 
 If using fresh  peanuts : remove the skins from the  peanuts  (it might help to boil them for a few minutes first) 
 Crush or chop the  peanuts  and then simmer them in two cups of  water  for about an hour. 
 Add  water  if necessary. 
 After they have cooked, crush them into a smooth paste. 
 If using  beef  or  chicken : fry the meat in a skillet and then add a cup of appropriate stock, broth, and  water . 
 Set aside. 
 Heat a few tablespoons of  oil  in a large pot and fry the remaining  onions ,  garlic ,  ginger ,  rosemary  and  thyme  for a few minutes. 
 Then add the  tomatoes  and reduce heat to a simmer for several minutes. 
 Add the bitterleaf (or greens) to the pot. 
 Stir and simmer for several minutes more. 
 Add the cooked  peanut  paste (or  peanut   butter  and hot  water ). 
 Stir and continue to cook the soup at a simmer. 
 Add the (and any other meat) to the pot, along with the  green pepper , and any hot  chile   pepper ,  salt , and red or  black pepper  you think it needs. 
 Cover the pot and continue to cook over low heat. 
 When the greens seem tender (after thirty minutes to an hour), heat  oil  in a skillet and stir fry the  shrimp  (or prawns) along with their marinade. 
 Add them to the soup. 
 Cook soup (adding  water  or stock if desired) until it is the consistency you like. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Fish Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Kale Recipes, Peanut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Shrimp Recipes, Add category