Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lambak%C3%A6fa

Description : 
 Lambakæfa -  Lamb  Pâté
 In Iceland, it is economical to buy a half or even whole sheep carcass (divided into various cuts) to keep in the freezer, and sometime you just don't know what to do with all this meat! This pâté is a good way to use up those scraps that you don't know what to do with, and cuts that have begun to dry out from being in the freezer for just a little too long.
 
       Lamb Pâté     
 Note: If you leave out the  suet , use fatty meat. Some fat is necessary to hold the pâté together. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 5 kg. meat on the bone ( Lamb  or mutton) 
 1½ kg. sheep  suet  (optional) 
 120 g.  Onion , quartered 
 150 g.  salt 
 2 tsp. ground  pepper 
 2 tsp.  allspice , ground 
 1 tsp. cloves, ground 
 Directions : 
 Wash the meat and cook in  little  water  with the  suet  (if using),  onions  and  salt . When the bones can be easily pulled from the meat, it is done. My mother likes to pour off some of the cooking liquid at this point, and continue to gently fry the meat in its own fat for a while (at a low temperature - it must not burn). Put the cooking liquid aside and skim off the fat - do not throw away! Remove the bones and gristle from the meat and run it through a grinder or food processor with the  Onion  pieces. Don't grind it too finely - it must have some texture. 
 Knead the pâté (use a mixer with kneading hooks) and thin with the cooking liquid and fat. It should be fairly thick. More fat makes it more spreadable. Add the spices to taste. The colour of the pâté should be pale, almost white. My grandmother likes to whip the pâté, which makes it very light. 
 To store, pour into molds (a deep cake mold or bread pan is fine). Allow to cool to room temperature before putting in the refrigerator to cool completely. Remove from the mould and cut up into suitable pieces. Wrap up in kitchen foil, pack into plastic bags and freeze. 
 Alternative storing methods include pasteurizing in jars, pouring into cheesecloth bags and dipping in melted tallow or keeping it in brine (not used anymore - to my knowledge). 
 For short term storage, pour into jars or bowls and pour melted fat on top. 
Slice or spread on fresh bread.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/c/ce/Lamb_pate.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004046']
Categories: Icelandic Appetizers, Allspice Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Suet Recipes, Pâté Recipes, Add category