Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lemonberry_Saxon_Pudding

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 3   Directions 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Makes 6 servings.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 Cup -  Sugar 
 3/4 Cup -  milk 
 1/2 Cup -  butter  or  margarine 
 1 Tablespoon - Grated  lemon peel 
 1/3 Cup -  flour 
 1/3 Cup -  cornstarch 
 6 -  eggs , separated 
 1/3 Cup -  lemon juice 
 1/8 Teaspoon -  cream of tartar 
 strawberry  Sauce 
 Directions : 
 Strawberry  Sauce: 
 Thaw 1 (20-ounce) package frozen whole California  strawberries . 
 Rub through a sieve or strainer to remove seeds. 
 Stir in 1/4-cup honey and 2 ounces  amaretto  (optional). 
 Chill. 
 Makes about 1 1/2 Cups. 
 Butter  three, 3-cup ovenproof molds or bowls; dust with  Sugar  and set aside. 
 In saucepan combine 1/2 cup of the  Sugar  with  milk ,  butter  and  lemon peel ; 
 Heat to melt  butter . 
 Combine  flour  and  cornstarch ; stir into hot  milk  mixture just to blend (mixture may be lumpy). 
 Pour into blender or food processor fitted with metal blade. 
 With machine running, add  eggs  yolks, then  lemon juice ; 
 Whirl until smooth. Pour into mixing bowl; set aside. 
 Beat  egg  whites and  cream of tartar  until foamy. 
 Gradually add remaining  Sugar  and beat to form soft peaks. 
 Fold  egg  whites into  milk  mixture, spoon equal amounts into the prepared molds. 
 Set molds in large pan and pour in hot  water  to a depth of 1 inch. 
 Bake in 350-degree oven 25 to 30 minutes until lightly browned and set. 
 Remove molds from  water  bath. 
 Cool 5 minutes; loosen edges and invert onto large serving plate. 
 Serve warm or chilled. 
 Spoon some of the  strawberry  Sauce around the puddings and pass remaining sauce separately. 
 Note: Six individual 12-ounce soufflé dishes or ovenproof molds may be substituted for the larger molds. 
 
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Amaretto Recipes, Berry Desserts, Dessert Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Strawberry Desserts, Strawberry Recipes, Add category