Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Banana_Tres_Leches

      Banana Tres Leches     
 Ingredients : 
 3  egg whites  and 5 whole  eggs , at room temperature 
 1 ½ cups  granulated sugar 
 ⅛ teaspoon + ¼ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 ¾ cup  confectioners' sugar , sifted 
 1 cup  cake flour 
 1 teaspoon  baking powder 
 pinch of  salt 
 butter  for greasing pan 
 7 ounces  sweetened condensed milk 
 6 ounces  evaporated milk 
 ¾ cup  heavy cream 
 ⅓ cup  banana liqueur 
 ½ cup  heavy whipping cream 
 2 to 3  bananas , peeled and sliced 
 1 cup stewed  prunes 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 250°F. 
 Meringue : 
 Beat 3  egg whites  until almost stiff. 
 Sprinkle in ⅓ cup  granulated sugar  and ⅛ teaspoon  vanilla extract , beating until stiff, glossy peaks form. 
 Add  confectioners' sugar  and blend quickly and thoroughly by hand using a rubber spatula. 
 Transfer meringue onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. 
 Spread over parchment to a depth of about 1 to 1½ inches. 
 Place in oven for about 1 hour or until meringue is dry. 
 Break meringue into 1 inch chunks and set aside. 
 Cake : 
 Sift  flour ,  baking powder  and  salt  together; set aside. 
 In a large bowl, mix  eggs  and 1 cup  granulated sugar  with electric mixer on high speed. 
 Add ¼ cup  water  an continue beating until mixture is fluffy and pale yellow. 
 Stir in  flour  mixture and blend by hand thoroughly and quickly. 
 Pour mixture into a lightly greased 12 inch by 9 inch cake pan and tap firmly once or twice on the counter to remove any air bubbles. 
 Immediately place pan in oven. 
 Bake for 10 to 13 minutes, or until cake tester comes out clean when inserted in the middle. 
 Remove cake and let cool. 
 Meanwhile, whisk together the  condensed milk ,  evaporated milk , ¾ cup  heavy cream  and liqueur. 
 Using a toothpick, poke holes in cake and pour the  milk  mixture over the top. 
 Refrigerate. 
 In a well chilled bowl, using chilled beaters, beat the  heavy whipping cream  and remaining extract until stiff peaks form. 
 Cut cake into pieces with a 3 inch diameter cookie cutter. 
 Put a scoop of  whipped cream  on top; garnish with chunks of meringue. 
 Surround with slices of  banana . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/fb/173657106.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004123']
Categories: Dessert Recipes, Banana Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Prune Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Egg Recipes, Banana liqueur Recipes, Sweetened condensed milk Recipes, Add category