Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Wali_wa_Nazi

Description : 
 Wali wa Nazi  ( coconut   rice ) is a creamy, rich accompaniment to any meat,  Chicken ,  fish , or  curry .
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups of  rice , well-washed, rinsed, soaked in  water  for twenty minutes, and drained ( basmati rice  is especially favored) 
 4 cups  coconut milk , (two cups thick, two cups thin) home-made or canned, unsweetened (see below) 
 salt  (to taste, approximately one teaspoon) 
 Directions : 
 Bring the thin  coconut milk  to a near boil in a saucepan. 
 Add the  rice  and  salt . 
 Cook for about ten minutes, stirring constantly. 
 Reduce heat to very low. 
 Stir in the thick  coconut milk . 
 Continue stirring for five minutes while the mixture simmers. 
 Cover tightly. 
 Make sure the fire is as low as possible. 
 Let steam for twenty to twenty-five minutes. 
 Serve with any Swahili-style  curry  dish. 
 Coconut juice vs coconut milk : 
 Coconut juice  and  coconut milk  are not the same thing. 
 Coconut juice  (also called  coconut water , or agua de coco) is the liquid found inside a green (unripe)  coconut , which diminishes as the  coconut  ripens.  coconut juice  is a refreshing beverage. It is consumed right-out-of-the- coconut  in tropical Africa; you pick your  coconut  from the street vendor's pile, he whacks the top off it with a machete and hands it to you. Canned  coconut juice  can be found in grocery stores. It is not used in cooking.
 Coconut milk  is made from the meat of the ripened  coconut . To make thick  coconut milk : In a glass bowl, combine equal parts near-boiling  water  and  coconut  meat (fresh or dried, shredded or flaked—if using packaged  coconut  meat, unsweetened). Stir well and allow the mixture to stand for up to an hour. Squeeze the mixture very tightly in your hands, or run it through a blender or food processor. Strain everything through a cheesecloth, using the cloth to wring all liquid from the  coconut  meat. Repeat the process, re-using the same  coconut  meat to make thin  coconut milk , then throw away the  coconut  meat.
 If using canned unsweetened  coconut milk : Shake the can before opening. Divide the contents of the can into two parts, placing about two-thirds of the can's contents in one measuring cup and the remaining one-third in the other. Add enough warm  water  to each to make two cups. The first is the "thick", the second is the "thin".
 
 
 
 
Categories: Congolese Vegetarian, Coconut water Recipes, Basmati rice Recipes, Coconut milk Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category