Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Halloween_Bundt_Cake

INGREDIENTS : 
 1 box (15.25 oz.) white cake mix 
 Ingredients listed on box to make cake 
 Orange, purple, black and green food coloring 
 1 container (12 oz.) white frosting 
 Halloween sprinkles (optional) 
 INSTRUCTIONS : 
 Preheat oven to 325°F. Generously grease a 12-cup bundt pan and set aside.  
 Make the cake batter as directed on box using water, oil and eggs. Pour one cup of cake batter into a small bowl; stir in orange food coloring until well mixed. Pour another cup of cake batter into a separate small bowl; stir in purple food coloring until well mixed. Repeat with one cup of cake batter and the black food coloring. Tint the remaining cake batter green.  
 Pour the orange cake batter into the bottom of the pan. Carefully pour the purple batter over the orange batter. Carefully pour the black batter over the purple. Carefully pour the green batter over the black batter. These layers do not necessarily need to "cover" each other. When you add the batter to the pan, do not mix with a spoon. Just pour it in so the colors don't mix, but rather, just rest on top of each other in the pan.  
 Bake as directed on box for a bundt pan or until a toothpick inserted near comes out clean. Cool cake in the pan for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, place a cooling rack over a cookie sheet. Turn the cake pan upside down onto the cooling rack. Cool the cake completely, about 30 minutes.  
 When the cake is cooled, divide the frosting evenly into 4 microwaveable bowls. Add one color of food coloring to each of the bowls; mix well. Microwave one bowl of frosting uncovered on HIGH a few seconds until smooth enough to drizzle over the cake. With a spoon, drizzle all of the first bowl of the microwaved frosting all over the cake, back and forth around the cake in a striping pattern. Repeat with remaining bowls of frosting. Make sure you can see the layers of frosting colors as you make the cake. Top the cake with sprinkles, if desired. Let cake stand at room temperature until the frosting is set before serving. Store loosely covered at room temperature. 
 
 
 
Categories: Halloween Recipes, Bundt cake Recipes, Cake mix Recipes, Food coloring Recipes, Frosting and icing Recipes, Sprinkles, Add category