Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fruit_Basket

In Romanian: Cosulet cu fructe
 
 Ingredients : 
 8 oz / 250 g  butter 
 1 lb / 500 g  flour 
 4 tablespoons slightly sweetened cold  water 
 a little  salt 
 1 lb / 500 g  whipped cream 
 sugar 
 rum 
 Cream : 
 8  yolks 
 2 cups  milk 
 8 tablespoons  sugar 
 vanilla 
 3 teaspoons  potato flour 
 4 oz / 100 g  butter 
 Seasonal fruits : 
 2 lbs / 1 kg  strawberries   or   wild strawberries 
 sour cherries 
 apricots 
 grapes 
 Directions : 
 Mix the  water ,  flour  and  salt ; roll a sheet the width of a pencil. 
 Then spread the  butter  over it in a uniform layer. 
 Fold envelope style and refrigerate for 20 – 30 minutes. 
 Repeat the rolling and folding of the dough 3 times, refrigerating it each time for 20 – 30 minutes. 
 Roll into a large circle and place this in a layer cake pan (with removable bottom) with the edges hanging outside. 
 Bake at medium heat until golden. 
 Remove from the oven and with a sharp knife, cut the dough that overhangs the rim of the layer cake pan. 
 Then release the bottom and take out the baked basket. 
 Cream : 
 Boil the  milk  with the  vanilla  and  sugar . 
 After coming to a boil, cover and remove from heat. 
 In a bowl, beat the yolks, gradually adding the  milk  mixture and stirring continuously until all the  milk  is used up. 
 Then add the  potato flour  which was previously mixed with a little of the yolk and  milk  mixture. 
 Pour everything into a double boiler and stir until it starts to resemble a soft paste. 
 Remove from heat, add  butter , mix well and refrigerate 15 – 20 minutes before serving, spread the  cream  on the bottom of the basket and top with the washed and drained fruits, sprinkled with  sugar  and  rum . 
 On top of the fruits, put some  whipped cream  and garnish with a few fruits. 
 The basket may be prepared 1 – 2 days in advance but the filling is placed just before serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Romanian Desserts, Apricot Recipes, Fraise des bois Recipes, Grape Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Sour cherry Recipes, Potato starch Recipes, Wheat flour Recipes, Strawberry Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category