Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Forloren_Skilpadde

Description : 
 Danish mock turtle soup. This is a traditional Danish dish. It is a work up to make but well worth the effort. My Mother's Ladies Aux. would prepare this for their annual Bazaar (that's Bazaar, not bizarre) as a fund raising dinner for perhaps 200 people. It was a true group effort with one woman preparing the meat balls another the balls etc. There would be a great deal of interaction I can assure you.
 
       Forloren Skilpadde     
 Ingredients : 
 1  calf's head , split in two, brains, eyes and ears removed before scrubbing well with a stiff brush, reserve the tongue 
 water 
 salt 
 1  bouquet garni 
 4 oz  butter 
 4 medium  onions , sliced 
 1  celery root , peeled and cubes 
 2  leeks , white parts only,sliced 
 4  carrots , sliced 
 2 ounces  butter 
 4 tablespoons  flour 
 paprika 
 lemon juice 
 ⅔ cup  madeira  wine 
 10 oz  fish balls 
 meatballs ( Fars ) 
 6 hard boiled  eggs , cut length wise in half, but kept warm until serving 
 Directions : 
 After scrubbing the calf's head well rinse it in several lots of  water . 
 Leave the head to soak in  water  for at least 6 hours. 
 Place the head in a large pot cover with  water  add  salt  (to taste), and bouquet garni (to taste). 
 Bring slowly to a boil and remove any scum which forms. 
 Simmer about 3 hours until tender. 
 Drain the calf's head, reserve the stock. 
 Remove the  meat  from the bone and cut into 1" cubes. 
 Press the cubed  meat  between 2 plates with a heavy weight on top. 
 Cook the tongue separately until tender; drain, cool skin and cut into 1" cubes. 
 Brown 4 oz of  butter  in a saucepan add the prepared veggies and saute for a few minutes. 
 Add about 3 pints of strained stock. 
 Simmer for about 1 – 1½ hours and strain. 
 In another saucepan with a heavy base melt the remaining 2 oz  butter  and stir in the  flour , stirring until nutty brown. 
 Gradually stir in the strained 3 pints of stock. 
 Cook over low heat until smooth and thick. 
 Season with  paprika ,  lemon juice , tasting as you go and add the  madeira . 
 Add cubed calf's  meat , tongue and the fish balls, meat balls, heat carefully with out boiling until hot. 
 Serve in deep soup bowls garnished with a half boiled  egg . 
 Have extra  madeira  on the table to add to the dish if desired. 
 Serve with  French bread . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/2d/Mock_Turtle_Soup.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004322']
Categories: Danish Soups, Bouquet garni Recipes, Veal Recipes, Celeriac Recipes, Madeira Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Onion Recipes, Leek Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Add category