Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ethiopian_Dinner_Menu


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 8 Hungry people 
 Directions : 
 For a good and enjoyable time, take the effort to prepare an Ethiopian dinner. The typical dish could be inaccurately described as a stew, but is not at all like the typical American stew of  Beef ,  potatoes  and  carrots . The menu would include a variety of dishes. Many of these dishes can be made a day or two ahead of time and will reheat well. The only thing we cook the day of the dinner party is the breads and the  cottage cheese  dishes. 
 Two good books for recipes are: "The Frugal Gourmet on Our Immigrant 
 We have selected the following recipes for you to choose from: 
 Lamb  and  cardamom  (except we make it with  Beef ) Spiced  Cheese . Doro Wat  Chicken .  collard greens  and  Cheese . Yemiser W'et (spicy  Lentil  stew) Yetakelt W'et ( spicy mixed vegetable stew) 
 All of these recipes call for a spiced  clarified butter  called Niter Kebbeh. We have included the recipe from each book. They should be interchangeable. 
 They all call for a spice mixture called  berbere . The Moosewood book uses a dry preparation. The Frugal Gourmet book uses a mixture that has an  oil  and wine base mixed in with the spices. We would recommend making both and using each with the recipes from the respective books. With experience, you may pick a favorite one and convert the measurement from one recipe to the other. 
 One of the most important ingredients to the Ethiopian meal is the bread, which is called Injera. Try both recipes. We prefer the fermented version from the Moosewood book. 
 TO SERVE: At an Ethiopian restaurant, the meal is served on a communal tray. A very large platter is covered with Injera, overlapping to give a complete cover. Each separate dish is placed on the Injera. On the table there is another plate with several Injera rounds folded into quarters. To eat, one takes a hand sized piece of the bread, folds it around a portion of one of the dishes on the common tray, picks it up and eats. There are no utensils other than the bread. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef Recipes, Berbere Recipes, Cardamom Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Collard greens Recipes, Cottage cheese Recipes, Ethiopian Vegetarian, Lamb Recipes, Add category