Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tarwi


 Browse All Tarwi Recipes   
       Tarwi     
 About Tarwi : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Tarwi on Wikipedia 
 Lupinus mutabilis is a species of lupin grown in the Andes for its edible bean. Vernacular names include tarwi, tarhui, chocho, Andean lupin, South American lupin, or pearl lupin.
 The bone-white seed contains more than 40% protein and 20% fat and has been used as a food by Andean people since ancient times, especially in soups, stews, salads and by itself mixed with fried maize. Like other legumes, its protein is rich in the essential amino acid lysine. It has a soft seed coat that makes for easy cooking.
 It may have not been more widely used because it is bitter due to some alkaloid content. However, the alkaloids are water-soluble and can be removed by soaking the seeds for some days in water.
 Average protein content is 46% (varying between 41 and 51%) and average fat content is 20% (varying between 14 and 24%) The protein digestibility and nutritional value are reportedly similar to those in soybeans.
 
 Tarwi Recipes  Tarwi Puree is similar to grits, but with a more robust flavour. (contains 40%-50% protein) My wife (from Cuzco, Peru) turned me on to this the other day, while we were shopping in the commercial district of Lima. Street vendors sell it (the bean) ready to eat, with some kind of chopped seaweed. We bought a pound and took it home, rinsed out the seaweed and put the tarwi beans in a blender...rrrrrr... : 
 Ingredients: 
1lb of tarwi; 1 clove garlic, minced; 1 onion, diced fine; 1lb yellow potatoes, diced; a few sprigs of huacatay (marigold or a few mint leaves), julienned; 1 chunk of shredded cheese (whatever you like); salt and freshly ground pepper.............. Directions:  In a medium pot or skillet, heat a little olive oil. Add the garlic and onion and sautee until garlic is a golden brown and onion is translucent. Add the potatoes and cover with water. Boil until cooked. Add the ground tarwi and cheese and mix thoroughly mashing the potatoes until after a few minutes you obtain the consistency of puree you desire. ( a few chunks of cheese and potatoes are good for texture. Remove from heat and add the huacatay over the top and serve.Excellent with grilled fish or pork........... Recipe from kitchen of Cled and Nany Oakley....."Give me your lupins" - Monty Python
 
 : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/f/f5/Tarwi.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004742']
Categories: Podded vegetables, Seeds, Add category