Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Vegan_Cinnamon_Swirl_Cheesecake

Ingredients : 
 17 rectangles  graham crackers 
 3 tablespoons  raw sugar 
 5 tablespoons vegan  margarine , melted 
 1 tablespoon butter flavoring 
 3 tablespoons  cornstarch 
 ⅔ cup  vegan sour cream  (I use Toffuti) 
 3 (8 ounce) packages  vegan cream cheese , at room temperature (again, Toffuti) 
 1⅓ cups  raw sugar 
 1 teaspoon  lemon zest 
 2 tablespoons vanilla nut and butter flavoring 
 ½ cup  firm tofu 
 1 tablespoon  almond milk 
 reserved ⅜ cup batter 
 ½ cup  dark brown sugar 
 2 teaspoons  cinnamon 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Generously grease the sides and bottom of a spring form pan. Line bottom with wax paper. 
 Crust : 
 Prepare crust by melting margarine. 
 Mix in butter flavoring and set aside. 
 Place graham crackers in a food processor and grind very fine. 
 Add sugar and process for about 1 minute. 
 In a medium bowl combine graham cracker and butter mixtures until well incorporated. 
 Press mixture to the bottom of the spring form pan and set aside. 
 Batter : 
 Prepare batter by blending 1 package of cream cheese with ⅓ cup of the sugar and cornstarch on low for 3 minutes. 
 Scrape down the sides of the bowl, then add remaining cream cheese, one package at at time. Scrape sides of bowl in between. 
 Combine remaining sugar with lemon zest. 
 Increase speed to medium and add the lemon sugar to the cream cheese mixture. 
 Add vanilla and scrape sides. Set aside. 
 In food processor/blender combine tofu and almond milk until smooth. 
 Mix in tofu mixture into the batter on medium speed. 
 Add in the sour cream and mix well. 
 Scrape sides again. 
 Reserve ⅜ cup batter for swirl mixture. 
 Pour remaining batter into prepared pan over the crust. Set aside. 
 For swirl mixture take reserved batter, brown sugar, and cinnamon and combine. Mix well. 
 Scoop tablespoons full of cinnamon mixture onto top of cheesecake. 
 Gently press down with spoon. 
 Use a knife tip to swirl the cinnamon (be sure not to over-swirl). 
 Bake for 75 minutes. 
 Allow to cool for 2 hours. 
 Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 more hours. 
 Garnish with chopped pecans and brown rice syrup (totally optional) then serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond milk Recipes, Cheesecake Recipes, Dairy-free Recipes, Egg-free Recipes, Graham cracker Recipes, Lactose-free Recipes, Soy cheese Recipes, Tofu sour cream Recipes, Vegan dessert Recipes, Add category