Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggplant_and_Potato_Hash

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 Chopped fresh  parsley  for garnish 
 1/4 cup grated  Parmesan cheese  or 1/2 cup shredded sharp  Cheddar   Cheese  (optional) 
 2 1/2 cups peeled, diced all-purpose  potatoes  ( 1/2-inch pieces) 
 3/4 cup low-sodium  vegetable broth , plus additional if needed 
 1 Tbs.  unsalted butter 
 1 medium  Onion , finely chopped 
 1 Tbs.  olive oil 
 4 cups peeled, diced  Eggplant  ( 1/2-inch pieces) 
 1 medium clove  garlic , minced 
 1 Tbs.  all-purpose flour 
 3/4 cup  milk 
 Directions : 
 In large nonstick skillet, combine  potatoes  and 3/4 cup broth; season lightly with  salt  to taste. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, cover partially, reduce heat to medium and cook until  potatoes  are almost tender and most of liquid has evaporated, about 6 minutes. Transfer to bowl; set aside.
 
 In same skillet, melt  butter  over medium heat. Add  Onion  and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in  oil ,  Eggplant  and 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons  water ; season lightly with  salt  to taste. Cover, reduce heat to medium-low and cook until  Eggplant  is tender, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.
 
 Add  garlic  and  flour  and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Reduce heat to low, stir in  milk  and cook uncovered, stirring, 2 minutes. Stir in reserved  Potato  mixture. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until hash is thick and saucy, 5 to 7 minutes. (If hash sticks to pan, stir in additional broth or  water  by the tablespoon.) During last minute of cooking, sprinkle  Cheese  over hash if desired. Serve hot, garnished with sprigs of fresh  parsley .
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheddar Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Hash Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Potato Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category