Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Eggnog_Pie_in_Pecan_Crust

Ingredients : 
 Pecan crust : 
 2½ cup  ground pecans  (9oz) 
 ⅓ cup  granulated sugar 
 ¼ cup  butter , melted, unsalted 
 Eggnog filling : 
 2 pack  unflavored gelatin 
 ¼ cup cold  water 
 2 tbsp  brandy 
 6  egg yolks 
 ½ cup  granulated sugar 
 2 cup scalded  milk 
 2 tsp  vanilla extract 
 ¼ cup  dark rum 
 1 cup  heavy cream 
 Cream topping : 
 1 cup  heavy cream 
 2 tbsp  confectioner's sugar 
 chocolate curls  and  raspberries  for garnish 
 Directions : 
 Pecan crust : 
 Butter 10 in. Pie plate. 
 In medium bowl, combine  pecans ,  sugar  and melted  butter . Mix well. 
 Press firmly into pie plate. 
 Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes while preheating oven to 375 °F. 
 Bake crust until lightly browned (about 15 - 20 min). 
 Eggnog filling : 
 In a small bowl sprinkle  gelatin  over cold  water  and  brandy  and allow to soften. 
 While that soaks, combine  egg  yolks and  sugar  in small mixer bowl and mix at high speed with electric mixer until mixture forms ribbons when beaters are lifted. 
 Pour into large heavy saucepan and slowly stir in hot  milk . 
 Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens enough to coat the spoon (and/or thermometer registers 172 °F). 
 Do not boil. 
 Remove from heat and stir in softened  gelatin  until dissolved. 
 Stir in  vanilla  and  rum . 
 Pour custard into a medium bowl set into a larger bowl of  ice  and  water  and allow to cool, stirring frequently. 
 When it begins to set around the edges, remove from  ice  bath (do not allow to set completely). 
 In chilled bowl, beat  cream  to soft peaks and fold gradually into custard. 
 If necessary, refrigerate filling a few minutes until it mounds when spooned. 
 Pile filling into crust and refrigerate until set (about an hour). 
 Cream topping : 
 In chilled medium bowl, whip  cream  and confectioners  sugar  to stiff peaks and pile on top of pie. 
 Garnish with  chocolate curls  and  raspberries . 
 
 
 
Categories: Brandy Recipes, Chocolate curls Recipes, Christmas Desserts, Custard and cream pie Recipes, Dark rum Recipes, Gelatin Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Pecan meal Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Add category