Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bottom_Round_Roast

Description : 
 For a 10-quart pressure cooker.
 
 Recipe by: Sir.Licious, The Original Taste-Gooder. 
 Contributed by  PressureCookerRecipes Y-Group 
 Ingredients : 
 1 can (10¾ oz)  cream of mushroom  soup; condensed 
 1 can (10¾ oz)  cream of chicken  soup; condensed 
 1 envelopes Lipton Beefy  onion soup mix 
 2 cups  onion ; diced small 
 2 cans (10¾ oz) water 
 4 cloves  garlic , fresh, or up to 8; crushed 
 1 x 3½ – 4½ lb  bottom round roast , or  top round ; or  top sirloin 
 Gravy : 
 2 medium  onions , ¼" thick slices, halved 
 3 cans (6.5oz)  mushrooms, buttons  or pieces; sliced 
 Directions : 
 In a suitable heavy skillet heat 2 to 3 tablespoons of olive oil to very hot and brown the roast well on all surfaces. 
 In a 10-qt pressure cooker start condensed soups, water, Lipton Beefy onion soup mix, fresh crushed garlic and diced onion and heat to a boil. 
 Turn up the heat on the pressure cooker and add the roast to the gravy. 
 Seal the pressure cooker lid and lock it, and set it to high pressure (15-lbs) and cook for about 30-minutes once the pressure is achieved. 
 After roast is removed from pressure cooker, add 2 medium half-sliced onions, three cans of mushrooms, and lightly boil for 10-minutes of so to tender the onion. 
 The original onion is cooked-up and barely there for the taste buds. 
 Notes : 
 Meat : Top round or top sirloin works as well, as long as the roast will fit the pressure cooker. 
 Pressure cooker : I use a 10-quart Cooks Essentials pressure cooker. The gravy foams as it boils and may clog the relief port of a smaller pressure cooker. In a smaller pressure cooker use a smaller roast, 1 can of condensed soup and 1 can of water. 
 Garlic press : I use one purchased from OXO. It's sturdy works well and is easy to clean. 
 Gravy : The gravy may be a bit too thin. Add a little flour/water thickening as needed while the onions and mushrooms cook in the gravy, before serving. 
 Veggies : You can also add baby carrots, or diced whole carrots, and sliced bell peppers to the gravy along with the onions and mushrooms to make it a balanced meal in a pot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef sirloin Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Beef topside Recipes, Onion Recipes, Onion soup mix Recipes, Pressure cooker Recipes, White mushroom Recipes, Canned mushroom soup Recipes, Canned chicken soup Recipes, Add category