Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cranberry_Ring_Mold_with_Apple-Pecan_Salad_Filling


 
 Ingredients : 
 2 packs  gelatin , unflavored 
 ½ cup  water , cold 
 ¾ cup  water , boiling 
 ¼ cup  lemon juice , fresh 
 2 cans (16 oz)  cranberry sauce 
 ½ cup  water , cold 
 ½ tsp  horseradish , bottled 
 3 dashes liquid red pepper seasoning 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 Apple-Pecan Salad Filling : 
 2 cups  apples , peeled/chopped 
 1 tsp  lemon juice 
 ½ cup  celery , thinly sliced 
 1 cup  pecans , coarsely chopped 
 ¼ cup  mayonnaise 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 ½ cup  heavy cream , whipped 
 Directions : 
 In a large mixing bowl sprinkle  gelatin  over ½ cup cold  water  to soften. 
 Add boiling  water  and stir until dissolved. 
 Stir in  lemon juice . 
 Combine  cranberry sauce  and ½ cold  water  in a saucepan. 
 Stir, then beat with whisk until smooth; do not allow to boil. 
 Add horseradish,  hot pepper  seasoning, and  salt . 
 Stir in  gelatin  mixture. 
 Pour into a 6-cup ring mold that has been rinsed with cold  water . 
 Chill about 4 hours, or until firm. 
 Unmold onto round serving plate. 
 Fill center with  apple  and  pecan  salad. 
 Surround with additional salad if desired. 
 Note: Double this recipe to make two ring molds 
 Both the ring molds and salad can be prepared ahead, but the  cranberry  molds should be unmolded and filled with the salad just before serving. 
 Apple-Pecan Salad Filling : 
 Combine  apples ,  lemon juice ,  celery ,  pecans ,  mayonnaise , and  salt ; stir to blend. 
 Cover and refrigerate until about 1 hour before serving. 
 Fold in  whipping cream . 
 Return salad to refrigerator until time to serve. 
 Makes sufficient salad to fill two 6-cup  cranberry  molds, with enough left over to surround mold with salad 
 
 
 
Categories: Apple Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Christmas Cranberries, Gelatin Recipes, Heavy cream Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Prepared cranberry sauce Recipes, Thanksgiving Cranberries, Thanksgiving Side Dishes, Add category