Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Arizona_Sunset_Cheesecake

Ingredients : 
 Shortbread Crust : 
 1½ cups  flour 
 ½ cup finely  ground pecans 
 ⅓ cup  sugar 
 1 large  egg , separated 
 ½ cup  butter , softened 
 Cranberry Glaze Filling : 
 1 can whole berry  cranberry sauce   or  2 cups  cranberry - orange  relish 
 2 tbsp  sugar 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch 
 1 tbsp grated  lemon zest 
 1 tbsp  lemon juice 
 White Chocolate Filling : 
 1½ cups fresh  orange juice 
 1 x 3-inch x 1-inch piece of  orange peel  ( orange  part only) 
 4 x 8 oz pkgs  cream cheese 
 ⅔ cup  sugar 
 1 tbsp grated  orange zest 
 2 tbsp  cranberry liqueur  (such- as Crantasia Schnapps) 
 8 oz  white chocolate , melted 
 4  eggs 
 Candied Orange Topping : 
 4 cups  water 
 2 cups  Sugar 
 3 seedless  oranges  (unpeeled)- cut into paper-thin slices 
 Directions : 
 Shortbread Crust : 
 Preheat the oven to 400 °F. 
 Working on a large flat surface, such as a pastry board, place  flour ,  pecans , and  sugar  in the center of the surface and mix together. 
 Form a small depression or well in the center of the mound. 
 Add the  egg  yolk and the softened  butter  to the well, then blend these withthe dry mixture. 
 Mix the ingredients thoroughly using your hands there is no substitute for warm hands. 
 Shape the dough into a ball and wrap in plastic wrap. 
 Chill for at least 10 minutes. 
 Roll out the dough to a thickness of about ¼-inch. 
 You should have a circle of about 11 inches in diameter. 
 For best results, roll out your dough between 2 sheets of waxed paper, then peel away the paper and cut the crust in a 9 inch circle. 
 Place the circle inside a 9 inch spring-form pan. 
 Prick the crust several times with a fork to keep the crust from puffing up during the baking. 
 Place the spring-form pan in the oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until light brown. 
 Allow to cool. Using the leftover dough, line the sides of the spring-form pan. 
 Press the dough against the sides of the pan, smoothing it so as to have a continuous layer of crust all the way around the sides of the pan. 
 Make sure that the side crust meets the bottom crust all the way around. 
 Brush the reserved  egg  white onto the shell, covering the bottom and sides. 
 This will seal the dough and keep it from becoming soggy. 
 Set aside until ready to use. 
 Cranberry Glaze Filling : 
 Mix the  Sugar  and  cornstarch  together in a small saucepan. 
 Stir in the  cranberry sauce . 
 Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick. 
 Stir in the  lemon  zest and  lemon juice . Set aside to cool slightly. 
 White Chocolate Filling : 
 Reset the oven to 350 °F. 
 Boil the  orange juice  and piece of  orange peel  in a heavy medium saucepan until the juice is reduced to 3 Tbsp - about 12 minutes. 
 Remove and discard the strip of  orange peel  and set aside the reduced  orange juice . 
 Using an electric mixer, beat the  cream cheese ,  Sugar , grated  orange  zest, Crantasia, and reduced  orange juice  until smooth. 
 Beat in the melted  white chocolate  and then the  eggs , beating just until combined. 
 Pour the  cranberry  glaze filling into the prepared crust, spreading evenly. 
 Pour the  white chocolate  filling over the  cranberry  layer and bake about 50 minutes (the top will be dry and the sides puffed slightly - the center will not be set). 
 Move cheesecake to a wire rack and cool completely to room temperature. 
 Chill in the refrigerator overnight. 
 Candied Orange Topping : 
 Cover a wire rack with waxed paper. 
 Set aside. Combine the  water  and  Sugar  in a heavy shallow wide skillet. 
 Stir over medium heat until the  Sugar  dissolves. 
 Simmer 5 minutes longer. 
 Add the  orange  slices 1 at a time and adjust the heat so that the syrup bubbles only around the edges of the pan. 
 Cook the  oranges  for one hour. 
 Turn over the top layer of  oranges  and cook until the  oranges  are translucent and the  orange  peels tender, about another one hour longer. 
 Lift and drain each  orange  slice out of the syrup, and arrange the slices in a single layer on the prepared rack. 
 Let dry 1 hour. 
 Boil the orange- sugar syrup  until thick, about 6 minutes. 
 Loosen and remove the sides of the spring-form pan. 
 Set the cheesecake on a serving dish. 
 Overlap the candied  orange  slices around the top of the cheesecake. 
 Reheat the  orange  syrup, if necessary, and brush over the  orange  slices. 
 Drizzle any remainder over each serving. 
 Garnish:  whipped cream . 
 
 
 
Categories: Moldovan Desserts, Cheesecake Recipes, Cranberry Recipes, Orange peel Recipes, Cranberry liqueur Recipes, White chocolate Recipes, Prepared cranberry sauce Recipes, Pecan meal Recipes, Orange juice Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Simple syrup Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category