Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Matambre_I

Description : 
 Argentine stuffed flank steak. My other mother, Irma Ramerez in Yuma, Arizona gave me this one. The only thing I changed was going to baby carrots. 
 
 6 servings 
 3 hours 15 minutes 
 Ingredients : 
 2 – 3 lbs  flank steak , butterflied and pounded thin 
 1 tablespoon  Cajun seasoning 
 1½ tablespoons  garlic , minced 
 18  spinach  leaves, washed and dried 
 18 baby  carrots , halved lengthwise 
 3 hard-boiled  eggs , sliced, ¼ inch thick 
 ½ teaspoon crushed  red pepper flakes 
 3 slices thick deli  bacon , cut into ¼ inch wide pieces 
 1  onion , thinly sliced 
 1 tablespoon  garlic , minced 
 2  bay leaves 
 1 tablespoon fresh  thyme , chopped 
 1 cup  red wine 
 3 cups  beef stock 
 Directions : 
 Generously season both sides of the meat with Cajun seasoning, salt, fresh ground black pepper. 
 Scatter 1½ tbsp garlic and ½ tsp red pepper flakes over one side of the meat. 
 Cover with spinach leaves, leaving a ½ inch margin at all edges. 
 Top with baby carrots and egg slices. 
 Carefully roll, cinnamon roll fashion, tie with cotton string. 
 You want the grain to run lengthwise down the roll. 
 In a dutch oven brown bacon 'til crisp, remove and drain bacon on a paper towel. 
 Leave half of the dripping in the pot , save the other half. 
 Brown rolled steak on all sides. 
 Set aside. 
 Return remaining drippings to the pot. 
 Add onions to the drippings, saute (stir fry) for 3- 4 minutes. 
 Add 1 tbsp garlic, bay leaves, and thyme. 
 Sauté 2 minutes. 
 Remove and set aside. 
 Discard the bay leaves. 
 Deglaze the pot with wine. 
 Scrape to release the goodies. 
 Add stock, bring to a boil. 
 Put meat into the pot, reduce heat to a simmer, cover. 
 Simmer 1½ hours 'til it's fork tender. 
 Carefully lift the meat from the pot. 
 Place on a draining rack, let it rest for 10 min. 
 Return pot to med-high, bring to a slow boil and reduce for 5-10 min. 
 Scrap and stir, don't let it burn. 
 Remove pot from heat, add bacon and the cooked onion mix, season to taste. 
 Move the meat to a cutting board. 
 Carefully snip the twine with shears. 
 Cut as you would a cinnamon roll, 1 inch thick. 
 Serve topped with its onion gravy and simple boiled baby potatoes (red, yukon,white) or maybe over rice or noodles. 
 
 
 
Categories: Argentine Meat Dishes, Bacon Recipes, Beef round Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Hard-boiled egg Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Add category