Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Soft_Shell_Crab_Pizza


 
 Contents 
 
 1   Ingredients 
 
 1.1   Pizza Dough 
 1.2   Sauce 
 1.3   Soft shell Crab Topping 
 1.4   Other Toppings 
 
 
 2   Instructions 
 
 2.1   Homemade dough (optional) 
 2.2   Pizza Assembly 
 
 
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 Pizza Dough : 
 3 cups ½all-purpose flour 
 1 tsp salt 
 1 tbsp olive oil 
 1 tsp sugar 
 1½ cups warm water 
 2 tsp yeast 
 Sauce : 
 3 cloves garlic minced 
 4 tbsp extra virgin olive oil 
 1 cup mozzarella cheese grated 
 ½ cup fresh parmesan grated 
 Soft shell Crab Topping : 
 6 Cameron’s Maryland soft shell crabs thawed 
 2 tbsp cooking oil 
 ½ tsp salt 
 ½ tsp pepper 
 Other Toppings : 
 ¼ cup basil leaves chopped 
 any other toppings you might want to add to your pizza 
 Instructions : 
 Homemade dough (optional) : 
 Mix the warm water, yeast, and sugar together in a small bowl and let sit until you see the yeast starting to foam to the top. 
 In a large bowl, whisk together the flour and the salt. Add the yeast mixture to the bowl and stir with a large spoon until it starts to come together. Stir in the oil and knead the dough with your hands for about 5 minutes. 
 Let the dough rise in an oiled bowl, covered with saran wrap, for about 1 hour or until the dough has doubled in volume. Cut the dough into 3 pieces and roll them out to fit your pans. Flour the preparation area to prevent sticking. 
 If you find the dough is not rolling easily, cover it with plastic wrap and let it sit for a few more minutes, which will help loosen the gluten. This recipe should make approximately three 12-inch crust pizzas. 
 Pizza Assembly : 
 Stir the garlic and olive oil for the sauce together in a small bowl and let it sit for 5-10 minutes. Use a pastry brush to spread an even layer of the sauce over each of the pizzas. Scatter the parmesan evenly over the three crusts and then do the same with the mozzarella. 
 Heat the cooking oil in a large sauté pan. Season the crabs with salt and pepper and place them in the pan directly after the garlic. Cook the crabs for 2 minutes on each side and remove them from the pan. Allocate enough time to cook the crabs in 2 batches. Using a knife or kitchen shears, cut the crabs into bite sized chunks. 
 Preheat your oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. Arrange the soft shell crab chunks, the chopped basil, and any other toppings you might like on top of the pizzas. Cook each one for 12-15 minutes. Let the pizzas sit for a few minutes before cutting into them to allow the cheese to cool. 
 
 
 
Categories: Crab Recipes, Pizza Recipes, Flour Recipes, Salt Recipes, Olive oil Recipes, Sugar Recipes, Water Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Garlic cloves Recipes, Mozzarella Recipes, Cheese Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Add category