Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Empada_de_Peixe_%C3%A0_Maniera_de_Macao

Description : 
 Macanese-style fish pie
 
 Ingredients : 
 Macanese pastry dough : 
 2¼ cups  flour 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 ½ tsp  baking powder 
 pinch  salt 
 4 tbsp cold  butter , cut into pieces 
 8 tbsp cold  margarine , cut into pieces 
 1  egg 
 1  egg yolk 
 1 tbsp  port 
 Pie : 
 1 lb  red snapper  filets 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 flour 
 2 tbsp  olive oil 
 1 clove  garlic , crushed and peeled 
 2  scallions , trimmed and chopped 
 1½ tsp ground  cumin 
 1½ tsp  ground coriander 
 ¾ tsp  ground turmeric 
 1 recipe  Macanese pastry dough 
 3 sprigs fresh  mint , chopped 
 ¼ cup  green olives 
 2 tbsp freshly grated  Parmigiano-Reggiano 
 Directions : 
 Macanese pastry dough : 
 Sift together  flour ,  sugar ,  baking powder , and  salt  in a medium mixing bowl. 
 Using a pastry cutter or 2 knives, work  butter  and  margarine  into  flour  until it resembles coarse meal. 
 Make a well in the center, and add  egg ,  egg  yolk, and  port ; then beat together with a fork until frothy. 
 Gradually work in  flour  until mixture just holds together. 
 Knead dough a few times on a lightly floured surface using the heel of your hand and pressing down and away from you to make a smooth, dense dough. 
 Divide dough in half and shape into rounds. 
 Roll out rounds on a lightly floured surface into 8" circles (dough rounds will be fragile). 
 Pie : 
 Run your fingers over the fish filets, then remove any bones that you feel. 
 Generously season fish with  salt  and  pepper , then lightly dredge in  flour . 
 Heat 1 tbsp of the  oil  in a large skillet over medium heat and fry fish on both sides, about 1 minute per side. 
 Remove fish from skillet and set aside. 
 Heat remaining 1 tbsp  oil  in the same pan. 
 Add  garlic  and half the scallions and cook until soft and fragrant, about 1 minute. 
 Add  cumin , coriander, and  turmeric  and cook for 30 seconds. 
 Add ½ cup  water  and return fish to skillet. 
 Season to taste with  salt  and  pepper  and simmer until fish is just cooked through, about 4 minutes. 
 Allow fish to cool, then use a fork to break fish into large chunks. 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Fit 1 pastry round into an 8" pie pan and, with your fingertips, press dough to fit pan. 
 Spoon filling into pie shell, then sprinkle with remaining scallions and the  mint . 
 Scatter olives on top, then sprinkle with Parmigiano-Reggiano. 
 Cover pie with remaining pastry round, crimp edges, and cut a few slits in the center for steam to escape. 
 Bake until crust is golden and filling is hot, about 35 minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Macanese Appetizers, Savory pie Recipes, Black olive Recipes, Red snapper Recipes, Green olive Recipes, Ground turmeric Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Mint Recipes, Port Recipes, Pie Recipes, Add category