Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Zalabiya_--_Yemenite_Chanuka_Doughnuts


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 2 1/4 lbs  flour  (1 kilo) 
 1 cup  Sugar 
 1  egg 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 2 ounces  yeast 
 water  (I used  soy milk ) 
 soy  oil  or  canola oil  (for frying) 
 powdered sugar  (for dredging) 
 Directions : 
 Mix all the ingredients except for the  water  together. 
 If you have to proof the  yeast  first (I don't) then proof it in a little warm  water  with some of the  Sugar . 
 If using an electric mixer with a dough hook, start kneading the dough while slowly adding warm  water , a little at a time, until you get a pliable, but slightly sticky dough. 
 You don't want the dough to be stiff enough to pick up and throw at someone (don't laugh, it's been done before), but at the same time, you don't want the dough to be so gloopy you have to dish it out with a spoon. 
 You want this to have a little substance, but still still to the bowl a bit, and to your hands. 
 If you are working by hand, just read the above directions, but forget about the dough hook. 
 First use a good, heavy wooden spoon, then start working and kneading with your hands. 
 Let the dough rise until doubled. 
 If you don't have enough patience for this, a good zap in the microwave for 30 seconds on high every 15 minutes or so should give that dough a good burst of energy. 
 When the dough has doubled in bulk, punch it down (feels good, doesn't it), wipe the sticky dough off your hands, and let it rise until doubled again. 
 Punch it down again. 
 Pour about two inches of  oil  in a pot that's suitable for deep frying. 
 I used a smallish pot and fried the zalabia two at a time. 
 Pinch off a ping-pong ball-sized piece of dough. 
 Shape it into a ball and then with your fingers, poke a hole and shape the dough into a doughnut. 
 Fry in the hot  oil , first on one side, then on the other, until golden brown. 
 Be careful, they brown quickly. 
 Drain on absorbant paper towels, and dredge with  powdered sugar . 
 Comment:
 I Love this dessert! Yummy :)
 
 
 
 
Categories: Yemeni Recipes, Yemeni Desserts, Canola oil Recipes, Soy milk Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Lactose-free Recipes, Add category