Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tunisian_Tomato_Soup_with


 
 Description : 
 yield 6 servigs
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup uncooked  Chickpeas , soaked overnight (or 1 to 2 (15-ounce) cans  Chickpeas ) 
 1 cup uncooked  Lentils  (any kind), rinsed and picked over 
 1  cinnamon  stick 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 4 cups minced  Onion 
 2 tablespoons minced  garlic 
 2 teaspoons  salt 
 1 teaspoon  turmeric 
 1 1/2 teaspoons  cumin  seeds 
 2 teaspoons ground  cumin 
 2 to 3  bay leaves 
 1 (28-ounce) can crushed  tomatoes 
 black pepper  and  Cayenne  to taste 
 3 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice  (or to taste) 
 Optional Toppings: 
 yogurt 
 Minced fresh  parsley  or  mint 
 A few  currants 
 Directions : 
 Place the soaked, uncooked  Chickpeas  in a large pot and cover with  water  by 3 inches. Bring to a boil, lower heat to a simmer, partially cover, and cook for 1 hour. (If you're using canned  Chickpeas , rinse and drain them, and set them aside.) 
 Add the  Lentils  and  cinnamon  stick, partially cover again, and cook for another 30 minutes, or until the  Chickpeas  and  Lentils  are perfectly tender, but not mushy. (If you're using canned  Chickpeas , just cook the  Lentils  with the  cinnamon  stick in 7 cups  water  until tender-about 30 minutes.) Remove and discard the  cinnamon  stick, and drain the legumes, saving the  water . 
 Meanwhile, heat the  oil  in a soup pot or Dutch oven. Add the  Onion ,  garlic ,  salt ,  turmeric ,  cumin  seeds, ground  cumin , and  bay leaves , and sauté over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes, or until the  onions  are soft. 
 Add 6 cups of  water  (including the reserved cooking  water  from the  Lentils ) and the  tomatoes , and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, partially cover, and cook for another 15 minutes or so. (The timing does not need to be exact.) out and discard the  bay leaves . 
 Stir in the  Chickpeas  and  Lentils , and cook for only about 5 minutes longer, so the legumes won't become mushy. Season to taste with  black pepper ,  Cayenne , and  lemon juice . 
 Serve hot, topped with some  yogurt , a sprinkling of  parsley  or  mint , and  currants , if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chickpea Recipes, Currant Recipes, Fish Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Mint Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Tunisian Recipes, Tunisian Soups, Add category