Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Portuguese_roast_turkey

Ingredients : 
 1 	 	(10-lb) fresh  Turkey 
 2 	lbs 	Coarse (kosher)  salt 
 1/4 	lbs 	 unsalted butter 
 3 	tbsp 	 olive oil 
 2 	large 	 garlic  cloves peeled and minced 
 1 	lbs 	French or  Italian bread 
 1/2 	tsp 	 salt 
 1/2 	tsp 	Freshly ground  black pepper 
 3 1/2 	cup 	 chicken stock 
 2 	large 	 egg yolks 
 Directions : 
 Remove the giblets from the  Turkey  for another use. 
 Fill the neck and body cavities of the  Turkey  with  coarse salt , then rub the skin well all over with  salt . 
 Place the  Turkey  and remaining  coarse salt  in a large deep kettle, adding enough cold  water  to just cover the bird. 
 Set in a cool spot for 3 to 4 hours. 
 To prepare the stuffing: put the  butter  and  olive oil  in a large heavy saute pan, or better yet, a kettle, and place it over moderate heat. 
 When the  butter  is melted, add the  garlic  and cook for 3-5 minutes until limp. 
 Meanwhile, tear the bread into small chunks. 
 Add the bread and the  fine salt  and  pepper  and toss well. 
 Pour in the  chicken stock  and beat hard with a wooden spoon until the mixture is pastelike. 
 Turn the heat to its lowest point, cover the kettle and steam 15-to-20 minutes until the bread absorbs all the liquid. 
 Add the  egg yolks  to the stuffing mixture and beat hard until smooth. 
 Remove from the heat and reserve. 
 Preheat oven to 400 °F. 
 Drain the  Turkey  and rinse several times in cool  water  so that all traces of  salt  are gone. 
 Place the bird on the counter with the neck cavity facing you. 
 With your hands, begin working the skin free from the breast. 
 Proceed gently, taking care not to tear the skin. 
 It"s slow going at first, but once you begin to free the skin, the job goes quickly. 
 Loosen it all the way down the bird to within about 1 inch of the tail end, down both sides. 
 With your hands, push the stuffing bit by bit far down under the skin and continue, packing it in lightly, until the breast is covered with about a 1-inch layer. 
 Next fill the neck cavity, skewer the neck skin flat against the back to enclose, and truss the bird. 
 Place the  Turkey  breast-side up in a large shallow roasting pan without a rack and roast uncovered for about 2 ½ hours. 
 Do not baste. 
 When the bird is richly browned and a leg moves easily in the hip joint, remove from the oven. 
 Let stand, uncovered, 20 minutes. 
 Drain drippings into a sauce boat and keep warm. 
 Remove trussing string and skewers and serve at once on a warmed platter. 
 
 
 
Categories: Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Egg yolk Recipes, Italian bread Recipes, Thanksgiving Main Dishes, Turkey meat Recipes, Add category