Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mutton_Sisig

Description : 
 A simplified alternative to pork, the Philippine dish is made with real mutton and lamb, cooked to a golden-brown aroma, and served with mayonnaise, a lemon, and a raw egg.
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb. mutton 
 1 ½ lb. lamb 
 1 large onion, minced, red, white, or yellow only 
 3 tbsp. light soy sauce 
 2 tsp. ground black pepper 
 1 knob ginger, minced 
 4 tbsp. chili flakes 
 3 tsp. garlic powder 
 1 piece lemon  or  (10 pieces  calamansi ) 
 1 cup butter 
 1 lb. lamb liver or tongue 
 6 cups water, plain or lukewarm only 
 3 tbsp. mayonnaise, optional 
 2 tsp. salt, rock iodized only 
 5 tbsp. paprika, optional 
 Directions : 
 Pour the water in a fresh pan and bring to a boil. Add salt and pepper. 
 Put in the mutton and lamb; then simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour (or until tender). 
 Remove the boiled ingredients from the pot and drain excess water. 
 Grill the boiled mutton and lamb until done. 
 Chop the mutton and lamb into fine pieces. 
 In a wide pan, melt the butter. Add the onions. Cook until onions are soft. 
 Put in the ginger and cook for 2 minutes. 
 Add the lamb liver or tongue. Crush the lamb liver or tongue while cooking it in the pan. 
 Add the chopped mutton and lamb. Cook for 10 to 15 minutes. 
 Put in the soy sauce, garlic powder, and chili. Mix well. 
 Add salt and pepper to taste. Put in the mayonnaise, if desired, and mix with the other ingredients. 
 Transfer to a serving plate. Top with chopped green onions and a raw egg. 
 Serve hot and plain or with other main dishes. Sprinkle with the paprika, if desired.. 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Filipino Recipes, Filipino Meat Dishes, Main Dish Meat Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Mutton Recipes, Lamb Recipes, Meat Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Liver Recipes, Herb Recipes, Spice Recipes, Asian Recipes, Asian Meat Dishes, Paprika Recipes, Black pepper Recipes, Dinner Recipes, Lunch Recipes, Soy Sauce Recipes, Herb and spice mix Recipes, Add category