Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Meatballs_in_Tomato_Sauce

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 (28-oz.) cans whole peeled Italian-style  tomatoes , drained 
 2 tsp.  olive oil 
 8 medium cloves  garlic , very thinly sliced 
 3/4 tsp. dried  oregano 
 1/8 tsp.  red pepper flakes 
 1/2 tsp.  Sugar 
 
 2 2/3 cups  vegetable broth 
 3/4 cup uncooked Arborio  rice 
 1 lb. cremini or baby bella  Mushrooms , quartered if large 
 4 tsp.  olive oil 
 1 small  Onion , finely chopped 
 1 large  egg , lightly beaten 
 1 cup dried Italian-style bread crumbs 
 1/3 cup freshly grated  Parmesan cheese  (slightly more than 1 oz.) 
 1/4 cup chopped fresh  parsley 
 1 tsp.  salt 
 1/2 tsp. freshly ground  pepper 
 
 Directions : 
 Make  tomato  sauce: Pass  tomatoes  through a food mill into large bowl. (Alternatively, place  tomatoes  in large bowl; mash with a  Potato  masher.) 
 
 In Dutch oven or large pot, heat  oil  over medium-low heat. Add  garlic  and cook, stirring, until softened but not browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Add  oregano  and  red pepper flakes  and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Stir in crushed  tomatoes  and  Sugar  and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, partially cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, 45 minutes to 1 hour.
 
 Meanwhile, in large saucepan, bring broth to a simmer over high heat. Add  rice , reduce heat to medium and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until  rice  is tender and mixture is creamy, 18 to 20 minutes. Stir almost constantly during last 5 minutes of cooking. Transfer to large bowl.
 
 In food processor, pulse  Mushrooms  in batches until finely chopped.
 
 In large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium-high heat. Add  Onion  and cook, stirring often, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add  Mushrooms  and cook, stirring, until tender and most of liquid has evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Add to bowl with  rice ; let cool.
 
 Preheat oven to 400F. Spray baking sheet with  cooking spray .
 
 Add  egg , bread crumbs,  Cheese ,  parsley ,  salt  and  pepper  to cooled  rice  mixture and mix well. Form mixture into about 24 oval-shaped nuggets, each about 2 by 1 1/2 inches.
 
 In clean large nonstick skillet, heat remaining 2 teaspoons  oil  over medium-high heat; tilt to coat bottom. Add half the nuggets and cook until browned on one side, about 2 minutes. Turn nuggets over onto prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining nuggets. Bake until nuggets are browned and firm, 15 to 20 minutes. Put 3 nuggets on each plate, spoon sauce on top and serve hot.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheese Recipes, Mushroom Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Potato Recipes, Rice Recipes, Vegetable stock and broth Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category