Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Peanut_Brittle

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1-1/2 cups of  Sugar 
 2/3 a cup of  water 
 1/2 a cup of glucose (pure  corn syrup ) 
 2 level tablespoonfuls of  butter 
 1/2 a pound of raw shelled  peanuts 
 1 teaspoonful of  vanilla extract 
 1 level teaspoonful of soda 
 1 tablespoonful of cold  water 
 1/2 a pound or more of Baker's "Dot"  chocolate 
 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Put the  Sugar ,  water  and glucose over the fire; stir till the  Sugar  is dissolved; wash down the sides of the saucepan with a cloth or the fingers dipped in cold  water , cover and let boil three or four minutes, then uncover and let cook to 275 deg. F. (when a little is cooled and chewed it clings but does not stick to the teeth) add the  butter  and  peanuts  and _stir constantly_ until the  peanuts  are nicely browned (or are of the color of well roasted  peanuts ). Dissolve the soda in the cold  water , add the  vanilla  and the soda and stir vigorously. When the candy is through foaming, turn it onto a warm and well-oiled marble or platter. As soon as it has cooled a little on the edges, take hold of it at the edge and pull out as thin as possible. Loosen it from the receptacle at the center by running a spatula under it, then turn the whole sheet upside down, and again pull as thin as possible. Break into small pieces and when cold coat with "Dot"  chocolate  prepared as in previous recipes. Half of a roasted  Peanut  may be set upon each piece as coated. Note that the  peanuts  used in the brittle are raw. The small Spanish  peanuts  are the best for this purpose. After the  peanuts  are shelled, cover them with boiling  water , let boil up once, then skim out and push off the skin, when they are ready to use. 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Corn syrup Recipes, Vanilla extract Recipes, Vegetarian Recipes, Add category