Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cherry-covered_Chocolate_Pie

Description : 
 Adapted slightly from the recipe that won the Pillsbury Refrigerated Pie Crusts recipe contest at the Minnesota State Fair for April Weinreich, of Wahkon, Minn. 
 
 Contributed by  SF&SC Y-Group 
 Serves 8 
 Ingredients : 
 Chocolate layer : 
 1 cup (not the whole 14 oz can)  sweetened condensed milk  ( not  evaporated milk) 
 1 cup (6 oz)  semisweet chocolate  chips 
 1 tbsp  butter  or  margarine 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 1 tsp  almond extract 
 1 (15 oz) box refrigerated pie crusts 
 Cherry filling : 
 2 (14½ oz) cans pitted tart  cherries  in water 
 1 cup  sugar 
 ¼ cup  flour 
 1 tbsp  cornstarch 
 ¼ tsp  salt 
 1 tbsp  butter  or  margarine 
 1 tsp  lemon juice 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 red  food color , if desired 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 In a 2-quart saucepan, over low heat, stir together sweetened condensed milk, chocolate chips and butter until all chips have melted and mixture is smooth and uniform. 
 Remove from heat and stir in vanilla and the teaspoon of almond extract. 
 Fit one crust into a 9-inch pie pan, pressing firmly against side and bottom. 
 Pour and spread the chocolate layer into the crust. 
 Allow it to cool while preparing cherry filling. 
 Thoroughly drain the cherries, reserving ½ cup of the juice. 
 In a 2-quart saucepan, thoroughly stir together sugar, flour, cornstarch, salt and reserved juice, adding juice a little at a time, stirring well, until all juice is in and no lumps remain. 
 Cook over medium-high heat 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until the mixture comes to a boil and thickens. 
 Remove from heat and stir in butter until it has melted. 
 Add cherries, lemon juice, the ¼ teaspoon almond extract and a few drops of red food color. 
 Pour over cooled chocolate layer. 
 If at all warm, allow to cool before adding lattice crust. 
 To top with lattice crust : 
 Cut second crust into strips about ½-inch wide. 
 Place 5 to 7 strips across the filling. 
 Weave a crosswise strip across the middle by first folding alternate strips of the first group halfway back. 
 Continue across one side, folding back alternate strips before adding each cross-strip, then add and weave the strips from the center to the other side. 
 Trim ends even with edge of dough; flute edge. 
 Bake 45 to 55 minutes, until crust is golden brown. 
 If necessary during baking, cover edge of crust with strips of foil to prevent over-browning. 
 Cool 2 to 3 hours, or until set. 
 Store covered in refrigerator. 
 Nutrition information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 Calories 644 | Fat 28 g | Sodium 444 mg | Carbohydrates 95 g | Saturated fat 11 g | Calcium 130 mg  | Protein 8 g | Trans fat 5 mg | Dietary fiber 3 g 
 Diabetic exchanges per serving: ½ milk | ½ fruit | 2 bread/starch | 3½ other carb | 5½ fat. 
 
 
 
Categories: SF&SC, Pie Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Sweetened condensed milk Recipes, Add category