Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Mo-Mos_and_Khotes

Description : 
       Mo-Mos and Khotes     
 Source:  Hot & Spicy  by Marlena Spieler, 1985, Jeremy P. Tarcher Inc. 
 Posted by Linda Davis 
 Ingredients : 
 Dough : 
 2 cups  all-purpose flour 
 ¾ cup hot  water 
 Mo-mo filling : 
 8 oz lean  ground lamb  or  beef 
 ½  onion , finely chopped 
 1 cup chopped raw  kale 
 ½ cup  cilantro , chopped 
 3 cloves  garlic , chopped 
 1 tbsp chopped fresh  ginger 
 1½ tsp  curry powder 
 1 tbsp  sherry ,  vermouth   or   brandy 
 2 tsp  flour 
 2 tsp  soy sauce 
 ½ tsp  cayenne pepper   or  ½ tsp hot  chili paste 
 Khote filling : 
 2 tb  butter 
 1 chopped  onion 
 3 cloves  garlic , chopped 
 3  jalapeno peppers , sliced 
 1 tsp  cumin 
 1½ tsp  curry powder 
 ½ tsp dry ground  ginger 
 ½ tsp  turmeric 
 1½ cups raw  broccoli , chopped 
 ½  red bell pepper , chopped 
 1½ cups mashed baking  potatoes 
 ¼ cup chopped  cilantro 
 2 tbsp  yogurt 
 juice of ½  lime 
 salt  and  cayenne  to taste 
 1 bunch  kale  to line steamer 
 Directions : 
 Dough : 
 Pour hot  water  over  flour ; mix with fork. 
 When cool enough to handle, finish mixing with your hands until dough holds together. 
 Wrap in plastic and refrigerate until chilled through. 
 Work one piece of dough at a time; pinch off a walnut-sized chunk, shape into a ball, knead several times, then roll flat on a floured board. 
 Place dough circle in the palm of your hand; in the middle of the dough, place about 1 tbsp filling. Bring up edges and seal at top with little gathers. 
 Leave a tiny hole at top for steam to escape during cooking. 
 Line steamer or bottom of skillet with  kale  leaves. 
 Top with a layer of dumplings and steam over boiling  water  15 to 20 minutes. 
 If using a skillet use just enough  water  to cushion the Mo-Mos; replenish  water  as needed. 
 Serve immediately, pairing Mo-Mos with soy sauce,  ginger , and  vinegar . May also be served with Achar. 
 Mo-mo filling : 
 Combine all ingredients. 
 Khote filling : 
 Melt  butter  in skillet. 
 Add  onion  and  garlic  and cook over low heat until  onion  is limp. 
 Add chiles and spices and cook a minute or two longer. 
 Add  broccoli  and  red bell pepper . Cook until they are crisp-tender. 
 Add mashed  potatoes ,  cilantro ,  yogurt ,  lime , and  salt  and  cayenne  to taste. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/a/a2/Mo-Mos_and_Khotes.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004834']
Categories: Tibetan Appetizers, Tibetan Meat Dishes, Onion Recipes, Ground lamb Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Kale Recipes, Vermouth Recipes, Potato Recipes, Sherry Recipes, Brandy Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Cilantro Recipes, Add category