Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pita_di_Spinaku

Description : 
 Yields about 18 pieces.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 x 10 oz pkgs. frozen  spinach 
 4  eggs 
 1 pound  cottage cheese ,  farmer cheese , or Greek  feta  cheese, crumbled 
 dash of  salt 
 4½  –  5 cups  unbleached flour 
 2 tsp  salt 
 2  –  2½ cups  water 
 2 sticks  butter  melted 
 Directions : 
 Filling : 
 Prepare  spinach  according to package. 
 Strain and let cool. 
 Combine  cheese ,  eggs , 1 tbsp of the melted  butter  and dash of  salt . 
 Set aside. 
 Crust : 
 In a large bowl, sift 4½ cups  flour . 
 Add 2 tsp  salt  and mix with a fork. 
 Slowly add the  water  and work dough with fingertips to form a soft, smooth, elastic ball. 
 Knead for 10 minutes, adding more sifted  flour  or  water  if needed. 
 Do not let the dough get tough. 
 Cover and let stand for 15 minutes. 
 Split dough in half to form 2 pieces. 
 Roll one piece of dough until thin and the size of the shallow rectangular pan you will use for the pie (approx. 
 14" long x 12" wide x 1" deep). 
 Spread the dough with some of the melted  butter . 
 With a knife, draw a small circle in the center and cut from the outside of the circle to form a "sun" pattern with 8 cut sections. 
 Turn one piece over onto the circle and  butter  the top of that section. 
 Repeat the same procedure with each section, layering them on top of each other, but leave the 8th section unbuttered. 
 Refrigerate. 
 Repeat the same procedure with the second piece of dough and refrigerate as well. 
 Remove 1st chilled piece of dough. 
 Sprinkle with  flour  and roll out until dough is one inch bigger than the pan. 
 Place rolled out dough in buttered pan. 
 Add  spinach  filling and spread. 
 Roll out 2nd chilled piece of dough so that it overlaps at least one inch on all sides of the pan. 
 Place over  spinach  filling and tuck edges into side of pan to form a thick crust. 
 Brush top with remaining melted  butter . 
 Bake at 450 for 15 minutes, lower heat to 400°F and bake for 15 minutes longer, or until golden and crispy. 
 Remove from oven, cut into squares. 
 
 
 
Categories: Bosnian Snacks, Bosnian Vegetarian, Unbleached flour Recipes, Cottage cheese Recipes, Farmer cheese Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Feta Recipes, Egg Recipes, Add category