Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken,_Broccoli,_and_Rice_Casserole


 Prep Time:10 minutes 
 Cook time: 30 to 35 minutes 
 Serves: 6 
 
 Description : 
 This is a wonderful dish for a busy "on the go" family. It's tasty, filling, and it only takes a couple of minutes to throw together. Pop it into the oven, freeing your time to do other things while you wait for dinner to cook.
 It's a meal in one casserole that includes your vegetables, with a creamy sauce, with the chicken and rice, to top off this wonderful dish. This recipe also includes cheese, but you do not have to add the cheese to enjoy this casserole.
 If you are a person that likes your family to have fresh meals, but are too busy to cook every night, you can make this dish prior to serving, and throw it in the freezer until you want it.
 
Try this recipe the next time you have a short amount of time, but still want to give your family a dinner that is not completely from a box. They will thank you for your time well spent in making this meal, and you will have the knowledge that it really did not take much effort, or time to prepare it for them.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 cups water 
 2 cups uncooked  minute rice 
 2 x (10 oz.) cans chunk  chicken , drained  or  fresh chicken breast, cooked, boneless, skinless and cut up in small pieces. 
 1 x (10¾ oz) can  cream of mushroom  soup 
 1 x (10¾ oz) can  cream of chicken  soup 
 1 cup  butter 
 1 cup  milk 
 1 x (16 oz) package frozen chopped  broccoli   or  fresh cut into small pieces 
 1 small  white onion , chopped finely 
 1 pound  processed cheese 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F 
 In a medium saucepan, bring water to boil. Mix in the instant rice, cover, and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes. 
 In a 9x13 inch baking dish, mix the prepared rice, cooked chicken, both soups butter, milk, broccoli,onion and processed cheese. 
 Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until cheese has melted 
 Stir halfway through cooking to help cheese melt evenly. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/0/0f/Chicken-Broccoli-and-Rice-Casserole-790519.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130904204751']
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Broccoli Recipes, Instant rice Recipes, Casserole Recipes, Milk and cream Recipes, Processed cheese Recipes, Main Dish Poultry Recipes, Quick and Easy Main Dishes, Canned mushroom soup Recipes, Canned chicken soup Recipes, Add category