Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Bastilla

Bastilla  is a traditional Moroccan dish and is usually served as an appetizer. The exotic taste makes this a favorite!
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 small  chicken 
 1 large  onion , finely chopped 
 2 teaspoons grated  fresh ginger 
 1/8 teaspoon  saffron , crushed 
 3 tablespoons chopped fresh  cilantro 
 1 1/2 teaspoons ground  cinnamon 
 3 tablespoons chopped  parsley 
 4  eggs 
 2 tablespoons  unsalted butter 
 2/3 cup  blanched almonds , chopped 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 1 package  filo dough , thawed 
 olive oil , for brushing  filo 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Put the  onion ,  ginger ,  saffron ,  cilantro , 1 tsp of  cinnamon , and the  parsley  in a large saucepan with the  chicken , not forgetting to season it with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Add just enough  water  to cover it and simmer gently for 45 minutes. It's best to cover the saucepan to help the  chicken  cook more quickly. 
 Preheat the oven to 400F, in the meantime. 
 Transfer the  chicken  to a plate, but continue to boil the juices so that they reduce to a thick sauce. Once the sauce looks like syrup, set it to one side for later use. 
 When the  chicken  is cool enough to handle, remove the skin and debone it, then chop the meat. 
 Mix half the reduced juices with the beaten  eggs  and  butter ; cook until the  eggs  are scrambled. Make sure you stir it, else that could go wrong! Set that aside, too. 
 Toast the  almonds  in a pan, stirring frequently. The pan has to be dry for this to work. 
 Once the nuts are toasted, add the remaining  cinnamon  and  sugar . 
 On a baking sheet, use overlapping  filo  pastry to make a square three layers thick and 18 inches across.   Spread the remaining juices in the center of the pastry. 
 Cover that with the  egg , and top with the  chicken  and  almonds . 
 Fold the pastry over to completely cover the filling.  Brush pastry with  oil . 
 Bake it at 400F for 30 minutes or until done; serve hot! 
 
This recipe serves 6 to 8.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Egg Recipes, Meat appetizer Recipes, Moroccan Appetizers, Phyllo Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Savory pastry appetizer Recipes, Add category