Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chicken_Wings_with_Easy_Mole_Sauce

Description : 
 Traditional recipes for mole poblano call for several varieties of dried chilies, which, outside the southwest, are available only at specialty foods stores or by mail order, as well as  sesame seeds  and/or  pumpkin  seeds and/or  peanuts ; roasted  tomatoes , and  chocolate , among other things. A mole can sound Like a peculiar combination of ingredients, but at its best it is every bit as subtle and well balanced as the most evolved French sauce. Our quick version uses only ingredients available at the supermarket, and broiled, not fried,  chicken , which makes the dish easier to prepare, lighter, and most important, still delicious — if not exactly authentic.
 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2Sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 Serves 4 to 6. 
 Ingredients : 
 3 cups chopped  onion 
 3 tablespoons vegetables  oil 
 ½ teaspoon  coriander seeds 
 ½ teaspoon  aniseed 
 3 tablespoons  chili powder 
 2 teaspoons  sugar 
 ¾ teaspoon  cinnamon 
 ⅛ teaspoon ground  cloves 
 2 tablespoons  unsweetened cocoa powder 
 2 tablespoons  peanut butter 
 2 to 3 cups  chicken broth 
 a 1-pound can  tomatoes , drained and chopped 
 2 tablespoons  raisins 
 3  garlic  cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with ¾ teaspoon  salt 
 2 pounds  chicken wings  (about 10) 
 cooked  rice  as an accompaniment 
 1 teaspoon  sesame seeds 
 Directions : 
 In a large heavy skillet sauté the  onion  in the  oil  over moderately high heat, stirring, until it is golden brown. 
 In a mortar with a pestle crush the  coriander seeds  and the  aniseed , stir them into the  onion  mixture with the  chili powder , the  sugar , the  cinnamon , and the cloves 
 Cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, for 1 minute. 
 Stir in the  cocoa powder , the  peanut butter , 2 cups of the broth, the  tomatoes , the  raisins , the  garlic  paste, and  salt  to taste 
 Simmer the sauce, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. 
 While the sauce is cooking cut off the wing tips, reserving them for another use such as stock if desired, and halve the wings at the joint. 
 Pat the wings dry, season them with  salt  and  pepper , and on the oiled rack of a broiler pan broil them, skin side up, under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 10 minutes, or until they are golden. 
 Turn the wings and broil them for 10 minutes more, or until they are golden. 
 In a blender or food processor purée the sauce in batches, adding the remaining broth as necessary to thin it to the desired consistency. 
 Transfer the sauce to the skillet, add the wings, and simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 30 minutes. 
 Serve the wings with the mole sauce over the  rice , sprinkled with the  sesame seeds . 
 
 
 
Categories: World Recipes, Superbowl Recipes, Chicken wing Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Peanut butter Recipes, Raisin Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Onion Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Sesame seed Recipes, Add category