Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Cazuela_Gaucho

Description : 
 Argentine chicken stew. Here's a recipe for a Jewish dish which was originally designed to be cooked over a campfire. This stew is a dish typical of the cooking of a group of Jews who left Russia in the late nineteenth century to form an agricultural community in Argentina. Some of the early pioneers became gauchos and would have cooked this stew over a camp fire in a clay pot called a cazuela.
 
 12 servings 
 1 hour 20 minutes 
 Ingredients : 
 2  chickens , cut up 
 flour  (for dredging) 
 olive oil  (for sautéing) 
 3 large  carrots , cut into chunks 
 8  potatoes , peeled and cut into chunks 
 1 lb  pumpkin  or  Hubbard squash , peeled,seeded and cut into chunks 
 2 large  parsnips , cut into chunks 
 3  onions , sliced 
 1 – 2 clove  garlic , minced 
 1 teaspoon  paprika  (preferably Hungarian) 
 1  bay leaf 
 salt  and  pepper 
 ½ cup  white wine 
 chicken stock 
 ½ cup  barley 
 2 ears  corn , sliced into 1½-inch slices 
 1 (10 ounces) package frozen  peas , thawed 
 ½ lb  green beans , cut 
 1  egg , beaten 
 Directions : 
 Heat some oil in a Dutch oven. 
 Dredge the chicken pieces in seasoned flour. 
 Sauté the chicken until golden brown on all sides. 
 Remove chicken and set aside. 
 If necessary, add additional oil to the pan and saute the carrots, parsnips, potatoes and squash until golden brown. 
 Remove  vegetables  and set aside. 
 Saute onions until limp and translucent. 
 Near the end of the onions' cooking time, add the garlic and paprika and saute 2 – 3 minutes. 
 Return chicken and sauteed vegetables to the pan. 
 Add bay leaf, white wine, salt and pepper and  chicken stock  to barely cover the stew. 
 Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce the heat to a simmer. 
 Cook for 20 minutes and add barley and corn cob slices. 
 Cover and continue cooking for 30 minutes. 
 Add  green beans  and thawed peas and cook for 10 additional minutes. 
 Beat the egg. 
 Add a little of the hot liquid from the pan and beat the egg vigorously. 
 Add the egg to the pot and stir. 
 Cook for an additional 5 minutes. 
 Taste the stew and correct the seasoning, if necessary. 
 Serve the stew in  soup  plates or deep dinner plates with a rim. 
 
 
 
Categories: Argentine Soups, Jewish Soups, Stew Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Potato Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Hubbard squash Recipes, Parsnip Recipes, Corn Recipes, Pea Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Add category