Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ensalada_de_Pulpo

Description : 
 Octopus  salad. Ensalada de Pulpo is a great summer dish. We would have it for dinner with green boiled  bananas  and toasted  garlic  bread. This doesn't mean that it's only eaten in the summer it's that you will find it very refreshing on a hot day. It takes a bit of work, but in the end you will find that it was well worth it. This recipe should feed from six to eight hardy appetites and you should still have some left for later on, just make sure to keep it tightly covered in the refrigerator.
 
 Ingredients : 
 2 medium size  octopus  about 2½ pounds each 
 1 large  Spanish onion  peeled and thinly sliced into rings 
 6 cloves of crushed  garlic 
 the juice of 2  limes 
 1 cup of virgin  olive oil 
 ⅛ of a cup of  white vinegar 
 1 cup of chopped  celery 
 salt  and  pepper  to taste 
 ⅛ of a cup of chopped  parsley 
 1 pinch of  oregano 
 Directions : 
 Rinse the  octopus  under cold running  water  to wash off any foreign matter. 
 Place a large pot of cold  water  with a teaspoon of  salt  on the stove and bring to a boil. 
 Place the octopus into the pot and allow to boil for at least one hour. 
 While the octopus is boiling you can start the dressing. 
 In a large bowl blend together  garlic ,  olive oil ,  vinegar  and the  lime juice . 
 Once you have blended these ingredients add  salt  and  pepper  to taste and the pinch of  oregano . 
 This is the time to make sure that your dressing is just right, it should be tangy and yet pleasant to your taste with just a hint of  garlic  and  lime  blended in with the  olive oil  and  vinegar . 
 If you feel that you want to adjust it to your taste, this would be the time to do it. 
 Just remember that the secret to this dressing is a complete marriage of all these ingredients you don't want one ingredient to over power the others. 
 Place dressing in the refrigerator and allow to cool while you continue with your preparation. 
 After the octopus has boiled for an hour turn off the burner and allow it to cool down in the pot of  water . 
 At this time you want the  water  to cool down enough so that you can put your hand into the pot without burning yourself. 
 This is important because you are going to need this tempered  water  to clean the octopus. 
 Once you are able to place your hand in the  water  start scrubbing the octopus removing the dark film that covers it. 
 You can use a knife to scrape off the parts you can't remove with your hand. 
 When cleaned right the octopus should be white in color with some light pink. 
 Once you have cleaned the octopus place it on a chopping board and cut it into wheel shaped round medallions. 
 At this time you can decide what you want to do with the head you can cut it up and add it to the salad or give it to your cat this is up to you. 
 Once you have completed cutting up the octopus place it in the bowl with the dressing making sure to bath it well. 
 Now you can add the remaining ingredients and mix well, you want the dressing to cover all the ingredients. 
 Now you can place your finished masterpiece in the refrigerator and allow to chill. 
 The best way to serve this dish is cold. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Salads, Seafood Salad Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Octopus Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Bermuda onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Celery Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category