Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Baked_Fish_Cake

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 1 1/2 lbs  potatoes , peeled 
 1 lbs white fish fillet 
 salt , (to taste) 
 grd white or  black pepper 
 -freshly 
 2 tbsp  butter 
 4 tbsp  milk 
 grated peel of ½  lemon 
 2 tbsp parsly, fresh chopped 
 1 tsp anchovy extract(optional) 
 3 tbsp  all-purpose flour 
 2 tbsp  oil 
 Directions : 
 Cut the  potatoes  into chunks and place then in a saucepan with enough  water  to cover, adding a little  salt  if liked. Heat until just about to boil. Meanwhile, lay the fish on a plate or dish to cover the saucepan and cover it with a second plate, lid or foil. Put the fish on the pan when the  water  is boiling, then reduce the heat so  water  does not froth over. Cook the  potatoes  until tender-10-15 minutes if the chucks are faily small. Set the aside, without uncovering it. Drain and mash the  potatoes , beating the well until smooth. Mix in the  butter ,  milk ,  lemon peel ,  parsley  and anchovy extract, is used preheat oven to 400 degrees. Grease a quicke dish or baking pan. Pour any cooking juices from the fish into the  Potato  mixture. Flake the flash off the skin, discarded any bones, and at it to the  potatoes . Mix well, adding seasoning to taste. Use a large spoon to place the fish mixture in a mound on the prepared dish or pan but do not flatten it until it is all in mounded up. Flatten the top of the mixture sightly, then sprinkle it with a little of the  flour . Use a spatula and slice to flatten the mixture into a little neat circle, about 7" across. Pat the sides with the knife and the top with slice to that the mixture is even and neatly shaped, keep sprinkling with the  flour  to coat the outside evenly. Trickle the  oil  over the fish cake and bake it for about 30 minutes, until well browned. Cut into wedges to serve. Food exchanges were not listed, (good thing i found the book on sale and cheap to boot)
 
 Other links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Lemon peel Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category