Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Quick_Indian_Curry_with_Coconut_Quinoa

Ingredients : 
 1 	 Small  Eggplant , Cubed 
 1 	small  acorn squash  or  butternut squash , Cubed 
 1/2 	one Jalapeno or Other  hot pepper , Sliced 
 1 	small  sweet potato , Cubed 
 1/2 	cup  string beans 
 1/2 	cup  yellow onions , Diced 
 1 	teaspoon  cumin  Seeds 
 3 	teaspoons  butter  or  ghee 
 1 (5 Ounce) Can Fat-Free  evaporated milk 
 1 	cup  quinoa 
 2 	cups  water 
 1 (8 	ounce) Can Garbanzo beans, Rinsed And Drained 
 1/2 	cup  Raisins 
 1 	teaspoon  coconut  Extract 
 2/3 	teaspoon Hot Madras  curry  Powder 
 1/3 	teaspoon  curry  Powder 
 1/3 	teaspoon  garam masala 
 1 	pinch  saffron  Threads (optional) 
 Directions : 
 1. Measure 2 Cups Warm  water  And Add  saffron  Threads. Let Soak For Now. 
 2. Meanwhile, Cut up All The Vegetables. 
 3. Put The  quinoa , Garbanzo beans,  Raisins ,  coconut  Extract, AndSaffron  water  Into The Bottom of Your Pressure Cooker And Then Place aVegetable Steaming Rack Above This (the Kind That Open up Like a Flower). 
 4. Put The Vegetables in The Steaming Rack, Starting With TheSquash And  sweet potato , Then The  pepper ,  Eggplant  And beans. 
 5.  oil  The Gasket, Close And Lock The Pressure Cooker, And Set HeatTo Medium-High. When High Pressure Has Been Reached, Cook For 5 to 6Minutes. Depressurize With a Quick-Release Method. 
 6. Meanwhile, in a Medium Saucepan, Melt Your Buttery Substance,And Saute  cumin  Seeds Until Fragrant, 2 or 3 Minutes. 
 7. Add  onions  And Saute Until Soft But Not Browned. 
 8. Add  evaporated milk  And Remaining Spices And Simmer UntilSlightly Thickened, Ten Minutes or So. 
 9. Move The Vegetables From The Rack to a Large Serving Bowl AndPour The  curry  Sauce Over Them, Tossing to Coat. 
 10. Remove The Rack From The Pressure Cooker And Fluff  quinoa . if ItIs Too Watery, Resume Heating Until Desired Consistency. 
 11. Serve  curry  Spooned Over  quinoa  in Bowls And Enjoy With Naan OrPitas. 
 contributed by : 
 Pressurecookerrecipes Y-Group 
 
 
 
Categories: Acorn squash Recipes, Butternut squash Recipes, Chile pepper Recipes, Clarified butter Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Curry Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Evaporated milk Recipes, Garam masala Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Add category