Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Pina_Colada_Cheesecake_Recipe

Description : 
 This is one I have had for many years, give it a try...
 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group 
 10 Servings 
 1 Hour 15 minutes Prep 
 Ingredients : 
 Crust : 
 ⅓ cup melted  butter 
 1¾ cups crushed Social Tea biscuits or  graham wafers 
 Filling : 
 12 ounces  cream cheese 
 ⅔ cup  sour cream 
 ⅔ cup plain  yogurt 
 2 large  eggs 
 ⅓ cup  white sugar 
 1 tablespoon  all-purpose flour 
 2 tablespoons  creamed coconut 
 ⅓ cup  white rum 
 1 (20 ounce) can drained  pineapple  rings 
 6  maraschino cherries , coarsely chopped 
 Topping : 
 2 large  egg whites , only 
 ¼ cup  white sugar 
 3 tablespoons shredded  coconut 
 decorate with some  maraschino cherries , halves if desired 
 Directions : 
 Preheat your oven to 350°F . 
 Grease a 9 inch spring form pan. 
 Crust : 
 Melt  butter  in a sauce pot and remove from heat. 
 Add crumbs stir in well. 
 Press onto bottom of prepared pan. 
 Set aside. 
 Filling : 
 Beat the  cream cheese  until soft. 
 Add in the  sour cream  and  yogurt  and  eggs  beat until smooth. 
 Beat in the  sugar  and  flour . 
 Stir in the creamed  coconut  and the  rum . 
 Cut three of the  pineapple  rings into even sized pieces. 
 Stir the  pineapple  into the  cheese  mixture. 
 Stir in the 6 chopped  cherries , combine well. 
 Spoon the filling into the prepared crust. 
 Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until set. 
 Topping : 
 Beat the  egg  whites with the  sugar  until soft peaks form. 
 Fold in the shredded  coconut . 
 Mound mixture over the cheesecake. 
 Cut remaining  pineapple  rings into wedges. 
 Dot the cheesecake with the  pineapple  wedges and the  cherries  over the top of the meringue. 
 Place back into the oven for 8 to 12 minutes, until golden brown—remove let cool room temperature. 
 
 
 
Categories: Cheesecake Recipes, Cherry Recipes, Coconut Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Sour cream Recipes, Maraschino cherry Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, White rum Recipes, World Recipes, Yogurt Recipes, Add category