Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_Babka

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 .
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup  milk 
 5 tablespoons  butter  or  margarine  (+extra for greasing) 
 1/4 cup lukewarm  water 
 1 pkg.  active dry yeast 
 6 tablespoons  Sugar 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 5 cups (to 6 cups)  unbleached flour 
 1 1/2 cups  semisweet chocolate  chips 
 1/4 cup unsweetened  cocoa 
 1/2 cup finely chopped  walnuts  or  pecans 
 Directions : 
 Place  milk  in a small saucepan and heat it just to the point where it is ready to boil. Remove from heat, and add the  butter  or  margarine , and cool. (It can be cooled for 10 minutes in refrigerator.)
 
 Generously grease the bottom, middle, and sides of a standard-sized tube or bundt pan.
 
 Place  water  in a large bowl and sprinkle in the  yeast .
 
 Add the  milk  mixture to the  yeast  when the  milk  mixture is definitely cool to wrist temperature; then add  Sugar  and  salt .
 
 Add  flour , one cup at a time, mixing after each addition.
 
 After all the  flour  is mixed in, knead for 5 to 10 minutes on a floured surface. Add small amounts of  flour , if necessary to keep the dough from getting too sticky to handle.
 
 Clean and grease the bowl. Add kneaded dough, and  oil  or  butter  the top surface. Place it in a warm place to rise until doubled; this will take approximately 2 hours.
 
 Place  chocolate chips  in food processor with steel blade, or a blender, and grind them until they resemble coarse meal. Transfer to a small bowl and combine with the  cocoa . Sprinkle 1/3 cup of this mixture into bottom of the greased pan and then sprinkle in the chopped  nuts .
 
 When the dough has doubled in bulk, punch it down and then knead it for 5 to 10 minutes on the floured surface.
 
 Roll the dough into a large oval with a rolling pin: 9-10 inches wide at the middle, and 16-17 inches long.
 
 Leaving a 1/2 inch rim around the outer edge, sprinkle the remaining  chocolate  filling as evenly as possible over the dough. Roll it tightly along the long edge, pinching the edges to seal them. Carefully lift the babka and ease it into the pan, making as even a circle as possible. Pat it firmly into place, and seal the two ends together with a bit of  water  and a good pinch.
 
 You can either let it rise at room temperature 45 minutes and then bake it, or wrap airtight in a plastic bag and refrigerate (up to two days) until you are ready to bake.
 
 Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Bake 45 to 50 minutes, or until it sounds hollow when thumped.
 
 Remove  chocolate  babka from the pan and invert onto a plate, so the chocolate-nut coating ends up on top. Cool at least 30 minutes.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Chocolate Recipes, Chocolate chip Recipes, Cocoa Recipes, Dessert Recipes, Pecan Recipes, Semi-sweet chocolate Recipes, Unbleached flour Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Yeast Recipes, Add category