Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ti%C3%A9bou_Dienn

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Ingredients 
 
 2.1   Roff (paste) 
 2.2   Fish 
 2.3   Stew and rice 
 
 
 3   Directions 
 
 3.1   Roff (paste) 
 3.2   Fish 
 3.3   Stew and rice 
 
 
 
 
 Description : 
 Tiébou Dienn (pronounced cheb-oo-jen) is sometimes called the national dish of Senegal. It can be made as simply, or as elaborately as one wants with the same combinations of vegetables chosen.
 
 Ingredients : 
 Roff (paste) : 
 2 bunches of  cilantro 
 4  scallions 
 4 cloves of  garlic 
 1  Scotch bonnet pepper , seeded and minced 
 1 cube  Maggi 
 1 tablespoon of  oil 
 Fish : 
 3 – 4 lb whole (like blue  snapper ) 
 3  onions , finely chopped 
 3  Maggi  cubes 
 2 cans  tomato paste 
 6 cups of  water 
 2 – 3 inches of  oil 
 Stew and rice : 
 ½  calabaza 
 5 small  sweet potatoes 
 ½ cup of  rice , per person 
 8  okra 
 3 – 4  chile peppers 
 2  goat peppers 
 2  green peppers 
 ¼ pound dried  codfish 
 ½ package of  tamarind paste 
 Directions : 
 Roff (paste) : 
 Purée the roff ingredients until smooth. 
 Fish : 
 Using a sharp knife, cut deep slits into the fish. 
 Be careful not to slice all the way through. 
 Stuff the slits with the roff. 
 Heat the  oil  in a large, heavy skillet or pot, and brown the on both sides. 
 Remove the browned and drain on absorbent paper. 
 Drain the pot of all but a few tablespoons of  oil . 
 To this, add  onions , Maggi cubes,  tomato  paste, and  water . 
 Let simmer. 
 Stew and rice : 
 Chop all vegetables, except  okra , into large chunks. 
 Okras should be left whole. 
 Add vegetable, Maggi,  peppers , codfish, and cook for 30 minutes, or until tender. 
 Add for the last few minutes of cooking. 
 When finished, remove all the vegetable and with a slotted spoon; and place into a container to keep warm. 
 Measure the liquid remaining in the pot. 
 Either add  water  or remove excess liquid, as necessary, for the amount of  rice  to be cooked (use about two cups of  water  per cup of  white rice ) 
 Add  rice , and let boil. 
 The liquid from the residue of the , vegetables, and spices, will add flavor and color to the  rice . 
 To serve, spread  rice  in large platters; distribute and vegetables evenly. 
 Reserve some sauce from pot to pour over the  rice  and vegetables. 
 Garnish with  lime  wedges. 
 
 
 
Categories: Calabaza Recipes, Chile leaf Recipes, Fish Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Lime Recipes, Okra Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Rice Recipes, Scotch bonnet Recipes, African bird pepper Recipes, Senegalese Meat Dishes, Add category