Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Jasmine_Vegetable_Fried_Rice

Description : 
 Steamed  Broccoli  is an ideal accompaniment prepare it while the  rice  is cooking. Round out the meal with a few slices of baked marinated  tofu .
 
 Ingredients : 
 4 oz  shiitake mushrooms , stemmed and sliced 
 10-oz pkg. frozen chopped  spinach , thawed and squeezed dry 
 6  scallions  (white and light green parts), thinly sliced 
 1 medium  red bell pepper , cut into ¼-inch dice 
 3 tbsp reduced-sodium  soy sauce 
 1 tsp dark  sesame oil  (optional) 
 1½ tbsp  cornstarch 
 1 cup  vegetable broth 
 pinch each of  sugar  and  salt 
 1½ cups uncooked  long-grain rice , preferably  jasmine 
 1 tbsp  peanut oil  or  vegetable oil 
 2 large  eggs , beaten 
 2 large cloves  garlic , minced 
 Directions : 
 Sauce : 
 In small bowl, mix together soy sauce,  sesame oil  if desired and  cornstarch . 
 Mix in broth,  sugar  and  salt . 
 Set aside. 
 Vegetables and rice : 
 In small heavy saucepan, combine  rice  and cold  water  to cover. 
 Rub  grains  with your fingers to separate, then drain well. 
 Repeat twice until  water  drains clear. 
 Return  rice  to saucepan with 1½ cups fresh cold  water . 
 Bring to a boil, reduce heat to very low, cover and simmer until tender, about 16 minutes. 
 Remove from heat, fluff  rice  with fork and set aside. 
 In nonstick wok or large nonstick skillet, heat  oil  over medium-high heat until it ripples in pan. 
 Add  eggs  and scramble until cooked through, about 30 seconds. 
 Transfer  eggs  to cutting board and chop. 
 Set aside. 
 In same wok over medium-high heat, add  garlic  and stir-fry 30 seconds. 
 Add  bell pepper  and  mushrooms  and stir-fry 3 minutes. 
 Add  spinach  and stir-fry 1 minute. 
 Add cooked  rice  and  eggs , then stir sauce and add to wok. 
 Cook, stirring, until sauce is thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. 
 Stir in scallions and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Long-grain rice Recipes, Jasmine rice Recipes, Shiitake mushroom Recipes, Sesame oil Recipes, Spinach Recipes, Tofu Recipes, Egg Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Green onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Add category