Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Torta_of_Asparagus,_Carrots_and_Zucchini

Description : 
 This dish of vegetables baked in an egg and cheese mixture is perfect for a spring brunch, light lunch or even dinner. The torta can be
served hot or at room temperature, accompanied by a simple green salad.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Serves 4 
 Ingredients : 
 3 tablespoons extra virgin  olive oil , divided 
 ½ cup grated  carrots 
 1 cup chopped  zucchini 
 ½ pound (about ½ bunch)  asparagus , woody ends snapped off and discarded, spears sliced into ½-inch pieces 
 4 large  eggs 
 2 cloves  garlic , finely chopped 
 ½ cup freshly grated  Parmesan  or  romano  cheese 
 ½ cup dry  bread crumbs 
 ¼ teaspoon  sea salt 
 freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  flat-leaf parsley 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Oil the bottom and sides of an 8-inch-square baking dish with a tablespoon of the olive oil and set aside. 
 Heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet. 
 Add carrots and zucchini and cook, stirring often, until the vegetables are fragrant and starting to brown, about 5 minutes. 
 Add asparagus and cook for 3 to 5 more minutes, until asparagus is starting to become tender. 
 Transfer vegetables to a large bowl. 
 In another bowl, whisk eggs with garlic, cheese and bread crumbs. 
 Whisk in salt, pepper and parsley. 
 Pour egg mixture over the vegetables and stir to combine. 
 Pour into prepared baking dish and bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until firm. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 (About 6.5oz/185g-wt.): 280 calories (170 from fat) | 19g total fat | 5g saturated fat | 14g protein | 17g total carbohydrate (3g dietary fiber, 3g sugar) | 225mg cholesterol | 480mg sodium 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Carrot Recipes, Zucchini Recipes, Asparagus Recipes, Egg Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Parmesan cheese Recipes, Romano Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Italian parsley Recipes, Add category