Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Lokma

Description : 
 Honeyed crisp Arabic donuts, the word lokma comes from Arabic meaning mouthful. 
 
 Ingredients : 
 250 gr (8 oz)  plain flour 
 ¼ teaspoon  salt 
 6 gr easy blend dried  yeast  or 15 gr (½ oz)  fresh yeast 
 270 ml (9 fl oz) warm  water 
 ½ teaspoon  sugar  (if  fresh yeast  is used) 
 300 ml (½ pint)  vegetable oil  or more if necessary 
 6 – 7 teaspoons good quality aromatic clear  honey 
 1 teaspoon  cinnamon 
 
 
 Directions : 
 Sift the  flour  and  salt  in a bowl and mix the dried  yeast  in; add the warm  water  slowly while beating either with an electric mixer or a balloon whisk until all the  water  has been added and the mixture is smooth and lightly frothy, all in all about 2 – 3 minutes. 
 Cover with a tea towel and let it rest in a warm place for one hour, until it has doubled its size and looks frothy. 
 If using  fresh yeast , dissolve the  yeast  in about 60 ml (2 fl oz) of warm  water  (about 40C or 100F), add the  Sugar  to activate it and let it stand in a warm place for about 15 minutes, until it starts to froth. (If the  water  is too hot it will kill the  yeast .) 
 Empty the dissolved  yeast  into the middle of the sifted  flour , beating continuously. Add the remaining warm  water  slowly, while beating at the same time, until the mixture becomes smooth, soft and elastic. 
 Cover with a tea towel and leave in a warm place for about 2 and a half hours until it rises and almost doubles in size. 
 Have the  oil  very hot but not smoking, using a saucepan or deep-fryer, and drop teaspoon of the mixture in it, 6 – 8 at a time. Dip the teaspoon into a cup of cold  water  between each addition to prevent stickiness. 
 The lokma puff up and rise to the surface within seconds. Turn them over and as they become pale golden all over -it only takes a minute- lift them out with a slotted spoon and drain them on absorbent paper. 
 You will have around 30 lokmas. 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Desserts, Wheat flour Recipes, Fresh yeast Recipes, Honey Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Middle Eastern Desserts, Add category