Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Alb%C3%B3ndigas_Soup

Description : 
 Meatball soup
 
 Serves 6 to 8 as a soup course  or  3 to 4 as a main course. 
 Ingredients : 
 Meatballs : 
 1 tbsp  vegetable oil 
 ¼ cup  onion , finely chopped 
 ½ tsp  garlic , minced 
 ½ lb lean  ground beef 
 1  egg , lightly beaten 
 ¼ cup  tomato , finely chopped 
 1 tbsp fresh  mint , minced 
 1 tsp  cumin 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 ¼ cup fresh  bread crumbs 
 Soup : 
 3 qt  beef stock 
 2 cups  carrot , sliced 
 1 lb  summer squash , sliced 
 ½ lb  potato , peeled, sliced 
 5 sprigs fresh  mint 
 1 cup  radiatorre , or small  shells ,  stars , etc. 
 salt 
 fresh ground  black pepper 
 fresh  mint  or  oregano , garnish 
 Directions : 
 Meatballs : 
 Heat the  oil  in a small skillet over medium-high heat. 
 Add the  Onion  and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. 
 Add the  garlic  and saute 1 minute longer. 
 Transfer to a bowl and stir in the remaining ingredients. 
 Working with abut 1 tsp of the mixture at a time, roll it between the palms of your hands to form balls. 
 Place on a plate, cover loosely, and refrigerate for about 20 minutes before cooking. 
 In a saucepan, bring 4 cups of the stock to a boil over medium-high heat. 
 Add as many meatballs at a time as will fit comfortably in the pan and cook, skimming off foam as necessary, until done, about 5 minutes. 
 Remove the meatballs with a slotted spoon and set aside; cook the remaining meatballs in the same way. 
 Strain and reserve the cooking liquid for another use. 
 Soup : 
 In a soup pot or large saucepan, combine he remaining 2 qts. stock,  carrot ,  chayote ,  potatoes , and  mint . 
 Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce to low and simmer, uncovered, until the vegetables are tend, about 25 minutes. 
 Meanwhile, cook the  Pasta  in a large pot of boiling  water  until al dente. 
 Drain and set aside. 
 About 5 minutes before the vegetables are done, dd the meatballs and  Pasta  to heat through. 
 Season to taste with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Ladle into preheat bowls and garnish with herb sprigs. 
 Alternatively, pour into a container and refrigerate, uncovered, until col, ten tightly cover and store up to 3 days. 
 Slowly reheat before garnishing and serving. 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Chayote Recipes, Conchiglie Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ground beef Recipes, Guatemalan Soups, Mint Recipes, Onion Recipes, Potato Recipes, Add category