Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Fesenjan

I had this marvelous dish in a Mediterranean Cafe. The fragrance is wonderful and the taste sublime. Fesenjan is special occasion food in Iran. It is traditionally made with  duck  or pheasant in the north of the country along the Caspian sea. It is a thick, rich, sweet-sour dish that improves in flavor the next day.
 
 Khoresht Fesenjaan Recipe 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup  olive oil 
 2 small  onions , sliced thin 
 3 cloves  garlic , minced 
 ½ teaspoon  cinnamon 
 ¼ teaspoon  nutmeg 
 2½ cups  walnuts , finely ground 
 ⅔ cup  pomegranate syrup   [1] 
 2½ cups stock or  water 
 2 tablespoons  sugar 
 1 tablespoon  salt 
 2 teaspoons  pepper 
 1¼ teaspoons  saffron  (optional) 
 2  limes , juice of 
 2½ – 3 lbs bone-in  poultry , of choice 
 Directions : 
 Heat  butter  or  oil  over medium heat in a large Dutch oven. 
 Add  onions  and sauté until wilted and translucent. 
 Add  garlic ,  cinnamon  and  nutmeg  and sauté, stirring, for another 1 – 2 minutes. 
 Stir in  walnuts ,  pomegranate  syrup, stock,  sugar ,  salt ,  pepper  and  saffron . 
 Adjust  sugar  and  salt  to taste. 
 Bring to a low boil and simmer ½ hour. 
 Add  chicken  and simmer on low heat another 30 – 60 minutes. 
 Halfway through the cooking time, add the  lime juice  to taste. 
 The sauce will thicken and darken during this cooking time, and the  oil  will begin to render out of the  walnuts . 
 Add  water  or stock if necessary to prevent the sauce from thickening too much and scorching. 
 Serve with plain  white rice . 
 You can use a whole bone-in  chicken  if you like. 
 Cut it into 8 serving pieces and remove most of the skin. 
 The bones will give the dish a richer flavor. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   Pomegranate syrup  is available in most Middle Eastern and health food stores. If it is unavailable, you can use an equal amount of frozen, concentrated  cranberry juice . The flavor is roughly the same. 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Persian Meat Dishes, Poultry Recipes, Duck Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Cranberry juice Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Pomegranate juice Recipes, Onion Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Add category