Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Paella_-_Spanish_Rice

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Paella is a  rice  dish, originally from Valencia, Spain, where it is eaten especially on Sundays and in Falles. 
 
       Paella - Spanish Rice     
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 lb.  Chicken 
 1 lb.  Rabbit 
 1 lb.  rice 
 3/4 lb. paella vegetables (big Caricot beans "garrof small  haricot beans  "tavella",  green beans ,  red peppers  and  green peppers  optional) 
 24 Snails (optional) 
 ? lb.  tomatoes 
 1? quarts of  water 
 olive oil ,  salt ,  paprika  ("pebre roig"/"piment󮠤ulce"),  saffron ,  rosemary 
 Sauce
 
 1 Large  Onion 
 1 cup  white wine 
 olive oil  for frying 
 Directions : 
 Clean well the snails, the  Chicken  and the rabbit. Cut the  Chicken  and the rabbit in small pieces. Put  olive oil  in a paella pan, and when hot, stir-fry the  Chicken  and the rabbit pieces. When that is all sofregit, add the  tomato  and stir-fry til well sofregit, then the vegetables and stir-fry til they reduce. Add a little bit of  paprika  and, preventing it from being burnt, then add the  water , as described next.
 Optionally, in another container,  water  must have boiled alone for half an hour. You can also pour cold  water  directly, but the important thing is that the  water  is calcarean, as it is in Valencia. After that, throw the (boiling)  water  to the paella (double volume than the  rice , use a cup for measuring). Add the  saffron  and  salt  to taste, and at last add the snails. Let lively boil for around 10 minutes. Correct the evaporated  water  during these minutes by adding a little more  water . Then add the  rice  and stir. The  rice  must hard cook to slow fire 10 minutes and 10 minutes to slower fire. Set the fire off, put some small branches of  rosemary  over the rising  rice , and let the  rice  soak the remaining liquid in. Remove from fire and cover with some newspaper sheets for about 10 minutes. Once the  rice  gets dry the paella is ready to be served.
 
 
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/2b/Food-spain-recipes2-paella.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004151']
Categories: Chicken Recipes, Green bean Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Navy bean Recipes, Rice Recipes, Rosemary Recipes, Saffron Recipes, Spanish Meat Dishes, Add category