Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Asian_Grilled_Chicken

Description : 
 An oil-free marinade gives this chicken its deliciously different barbecue taste.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Source:  The American Heart Association Low-Fat, Low-Cholesterol Cookbook , Third Edition, ©2004 by the American Heart Association. 
 Serves 6 
 Ingredients : 
 6 skinless  chicken breast  halves with bone (about 6 oz each), all visible fat discarded 
 vegetable  oil spray 
 Marinade : 
 ¼ cup  honey   [1] 
 3 tbsp  red wine vinegar 
 ¼ cup low-salt  soy sauce 
 1 medium  garlic  clove, minced 
 2 tbsp finely snipped fresh  parsley 
 2 tsp grated peeled  gingerroot  or 1 tsp ground ginger 
 ½ tsp  pepper 
 Directions : 
 In a large bowl, stir together the marinade ingredients to mix well. 
 Add the chicken to the marinade, turning to coat thoroughly. 
 Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, turning occasionally. 
 Preheat the grill on high. 
 Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable oil spray. 
 Grill the chicken for 30 to 45 minutes, or until no longer pink in the center, brushing the pieces with marinade and turning them frequently. 
 Or to broil, preheat the broiler. 
 Lightly spray a broiler-safe baking sheet with vegetable oil spray. 
 Put the chicken on the prepared sheet. 
 Broil about 5 inches from the heat for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the chicken is no longer pink in the center, brushing the pieces with marinade and turning them frequently. 
 Notes : 
 
 ↑   If you are unable to use honey...consider using the artificial honey that can be purchased at Wal-Mart. But remember it can have digestive side effects you may not want to deal with. Take care, Gloria  
 
 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 120 Calories, 1.5g Total Fat | 0.5g Saturated |  0.5g Polyunsaturated | 0.5g Monounsaturated | 36mg Cholesterol | 331mg Sodium | 0g Carbs | 0g Fiber | 25g Protein 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Chicken breast Recipes, Honey Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Ginger Recipes, Parsley Recipes, Add category