Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tex-Mex_Caponata


 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 nonstick  cooking spray 
 1  green pepper , chopped 
 1 red pepper, chopped 
 1 yellow  pepper , chopped 
 1  red onion , chopped 
 3 cloves  garlic , peeled 
 1 1/4 lbs  Eggplants , cubed 
 1-2  jalapeno pepper , seeded and minced 
 1/4 cup chopped  cilantro  leaves 
 1 tablespoon drained  capers 
 1 tablespoon dried  currants 
 1 tablespoon chopped  pine nuts 
 1 tablespoon  red wine vinegar 
 1 teaspoon morton lite  salt 
 fresh ground  black pepper 
 Directions : 
 1. Preheat oven to 425 °F.
 2. Line 2 baking sheets with aluminum foil and spray heavily with  cooking spray .
 3. Set aside.
 4. Seed the  peppers  and cut each  pepper  vertically into quarters.
 5. Stacking 2 to 3 pieces at a time, cut the  peppers  horizontally into ¼ inch strips and place them in a large mixing bowl.
 6. Add the  garlic  and  Onion .
 7. Toss well.
 8. Arrange the vegetables in a single layer on a baking sheet; liberally spray them with  cooking spray  until they are well coated.
 9. Place the pan on a rack set in the middle of the oven.
 10. Arrange the  Eggplant  on a second prepared baking sheet.
 11. Spray the  Eggplant  with  cooking spray  until well coated.
 12. Place a large piece of foil over the  Eggplant , covering it loosely.
 13. Place the pan on rack set toward top of oven.
 14. Set a timer for 10 minutes.
 15. After 10 minutes, stir  peppers  and return them to oven.
 16. Stir  Eggplant , turning cubes.
 17. Cover again with foil and return pan to oven.
 18. Bake both pans of vegetables another 10 minutes.
 19. Scrape the softened  pepper  mixture back into a large bowl; set the  garlic  aside.
 20. Stir the  Eggplant , turning the cubes.
 21. Cover it again with foil and bake for 10 minutes, until the cubes hold their shape but feel soft to the touch.
 22. Meanwhile, coarsely chop the roasted  garlic ; add it to the bowl of roasted  peppers  and  onions .
 23. Add the jalapeno,  cilantro ,  capers ,  currants ,  pine nuts  and  vinegar .
 24. When the  Eggplant  is done, scrape it into a bowl.
 25. Add the  salt  and  black pepper .
 26. Mix with a fork until the caponata is well blended and creamy.
 27. Set aside to cool.
 28. If possible, refrigerate overnight before using.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Caper Recipes, Currant Recipes, Eggplant Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Jalapeno pepper Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red onion Recipes, Red wine vinegar Recipes, Tex-Mex Appetizers, Add category