Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Traditional_Aussie_Lamb

Description : 
 Serves 4 - 6 
 Ingredients : 
 2 kg (4½ lb)  leg of lamb 
 8 cloves  garlic , chopped 
 fresh  rosemary  sprigs 
 1 cup olive  oil 
 salt ,  pepper 
 4 large  potatoes 
 8 pieces of  pumpkin 
 2  leeks , cut in half 
 4  bacon  rashers, crisply fried 
 60 g (2 oz)  butter 
 3 tablespoons  oil 
 salt ,  thyme 
 2 tablespoons  plain flour 
 2¼ cups  beef stock 
 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce 
 5 tablespoons  red wine 
 1 red chilli 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F). 
 Cut small slits all over the skin of the leg of  lamb . 
 Insert  garlic  pieces and  rosemary  sprigs. 
 Brush  lamb  with  oil  and sprinkle with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Fill a baking dish halfway with  water  and place a wire rack on top and then put the  lamb  on the dish. 
 Roast for about 1½ hours or until cooked as desired, basting often with the pan juices. 
 Peel  potatoes , cut in half and score them with a fork. 
 Combine  butter ,  oil ,  salt  and  thyme . 
 Toss  potatoes  in the mixture. 
 Take  potatoes  out and keep mixture for later. 
 Place  potatoes  around the leg of  lamb  after the  lamb  has been cooking for about 40 minutes. 
 Roast for 50 minutes, brushing halfway through with a little of the  butter  mixture. 
 Toss  pumpkin  pieces in the mixture and place next to the roast after it has been cooking for 50 minutes. 
 Wrap 1  bacon  rasher around each half of  leek . 
 Place  leeks  next to  pumpkins  after roast has been baking for 70 minutes. 
 When everything is done, take the rack off the baking dish and place the rack on an oven proof tray. 
 Return to oven to keep warm. 
 Gravy : 
 Place the baking dish with the juices from the meat on the stove top 
 Discard all but 3 tablespoons of the juices. 
 Heat the dish, stir in the  flour  and cook until brown. 
 Gradually add  beef stock ,  Worcestershire sauce , red chilli and wine taking a swig as you go. 
 Stir until the mixture boils and thickens, then simmer for 2 minutes. 
 Slice the  meat  and arrange everything on plates. 
 Pour the gravy over the  meat . 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/8/8e/Bbq_aussie_lamb_chops_recipe.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004726']
Categories: Australian Meat Dishes, Bacon Recipes, Beef stock and broth Recipes, Lamb leg Recipes, Leek Recipes, Potato Recipes, Pumpkin Recipes, Red wine Recipes, Add category