Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Ramadan_Soup_of_Fava_Beans_and_Lentils


 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup small, dried  fava beans , soaked overnight and drained 
 2 tablespoons  olive oil 
 2  onions , finely diced 
 2 pounds  Lamb shoulder  chops, cut into ½-inch cubes 
 8 Spanish  saffron  threads, toasted and crushed 
 1 teaspoon  ground turmeric 
 2 teaspoons ground  ginger 
 10 cups  water 
 10  tomatoes  (about 3 pounds), peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped 
 30 fresh flat-leaf  parsley  sprigs, tied with cotton string 
 15 fresh  cilantro  sprigs, tied with cotton string 
 1 cup dried  lentils , rinsed, picked free of impurities, and drained 
 1 teaspoon  pepper 
 1 teaspoon ground  cinnamon 
 ½ cup crushed  vermicelli ,  orzo  oracini di pepe 
 salt  to taste 
 lemon  wedges for serving 
 Directions : 
 To toast  saffron  threads, place in a small nonstick skillet and stir constantly over medium-high heat for 2 to 3 minutes, then crush between your fingers or pound in a mortar with a pinch of  salt . 
 Skin the  fava beans  by squeezing each one between your thumb and forefinger. 
 Set aside. 
 In a large soup pot over medium-high heat, heat the  oil  and sauté the  onions  and meat until the  onions  are tender, 4 to 5 minutes. 
 Add the  saffron ,  turmeric ,  ginger  and 8 cups of the  water . 
 Bring to a rolling boil. 
 Cover, reduce heat to medium, and add the  fava beans . 
 Cover and cook until the  beans  are tender, 1 hour to 1½ hours (depending on the age of the  beans ). 
 In a blender or food processor, coarsely chop the  tomatoes ,  parsley  and  cilantro . 
 Add the  tomato  mixture,  lentils ,  pepper  and  cinnamon  to the  beans . 
 Cover and cook until the  lentils  are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. 
 In the meantime, bring the remaining 2 cups of  water  to a boil. 
 Cook the  pasta  until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. 
 Drain and add to the soup. Stir to blend. 
 Season with  salt . 
 Heat through and ladle the soup into individual bowls. 
 Top with fresh  cilantro  and serve immediately with wedges of  lemon . 
 
 
 
Categories: Arabian Soups, Fava bean Recipes, Lamb shoulder Recipes, Lentil Recipes, Orzo Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Saffron Recipes, Tomato Recipes, Vermicelli Recipes, Add category