Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Passover_Forgotten_Torte_with_Raspberry_Sauce


 
 Description : 
 You can make both the billowy white torte and its sauce ahead of time. That's convenient for serving during the seder.
 
 Servings: 12 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ cup  egg whites  (about 6) at room temperature 
 2 tsp  lemon juice 
 ¾ tsp  vanilla 
 ¼ tsp  almond extract 
 1¼ cup  sugar 
 1 cup  whipping cream 
 2 tsp  sugar 
 1 tsp  vanilla 
 Raspberry sauce : 
 3 cup red  raspberries   or  one 12 oz pkg frozen, thawed 
 1 tbsp  sugar 
 fresh  mint  leaves (optional) 
 Directions : 
 Preheat oven to 450 °F. 
 Grease the bottom of a 10" tube pan or a 9" spring-form pan. 
 Set aside. 
 Torte : 
 In a mixer bowl, beat  egg whites ,  lemon juice , ¾ tsp  vanilla  and  almond extract  with an electric mixer. 
 On medium speed. 
 Beat for about 3 to 4 minutes or till soft peaks form (tips curl). 
 Gradually beat in the 1¼ cups  sugar , 1 tbsp at a time, beating on high speed till stiff peaks form (tips stand straight) and  sugar  is almost dissolved (about 10 minutes). 
 Using a rubber scraper, transfer mixture to prepared pan and smooth the top. 
 Scrape around the sides and center post (if using a tube pan), leaving a small trench between the meringue and the pan. 
 Place in preheated oven. 
 Turn off the oven. 
 Let torte dry in oven with door closed for at least 8 hours or overnight. 
 If using a tube pan, loosen edges and center with a sharp knife. 
 Lift out tube. 
 Slide knife under meringue. 
 Invert onto a serving plate. 
 Cover with plastic wrap and foil; freeze, if desired. 
 About 4 to 8 hours before serving, in a small mixer bowl, beat  whipping cream  till soft peaks form. 
 Add the 2 tsp  sugar  and 1 tsp  vanilla ; beat till stiff peaks form. 
 Frost the top and sides of the torte. 
 Cover and chill till serving time. 
 Raspberry sauce : 
 In a food processor bowl or blender container, combine the  raspberries  and 1 tbsp  sugar . 
 Cover; process or blend till smooth. 
 Strain sauce, if desired. 
 
 
 
Categories: Almond extract Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Light whipping cream Recipes, Passover Desserts, Raspberry Recipes, Torte Recipes, Add category