Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Barbequed_Catfish_with_Summer_Grilled_Corn_Relish

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 A  Catfish  recipe.
 
 Ingredients : 
 For the  Catfish : 
 1 teaspoon  salt 
 1 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 1 teaspoon pure  chili powder , preferably medium hot 
 1 teaspoon ground  cumin 
 2 teaspoons  dark brown sugar 
 2 1/2 teaspoons  paprika 
 6 U.S. Farm-Raised  Catfish  fillets 
 For the  corn  relish: 
 2 ears  corn , husked 
 2 1/2 teaspoons fruity  olive oil 
 2 large cloves  garlic , minced 
 2 large ripe  tomatoes 
 1 large green  bell pepper , diced 
 2 1/2 tablespoons  lemon juice 
 1/2 teaspoon  salt 
 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground  black pepper 
 For grilling  Catfish : 
 olive oil 
 Barbeque sauce, purchased or homemade 
 For garnish: Fresh  basil  leaves 
 Directions : 
 1. To marinate the  Catfish , mix  salt ,  pepper ,  chili powder ,  cumin ,  brown sugar  and  paprika  in a small bowl. Spread evenly over both sides of  Catfish  fillets, place on a dish and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or preferably overnight. 
 2. About 1 hour before serving, prepare charcoal for grilling and let burn until coals are hot. 
 3. To prepare the  corn  relish, brush  corn  lightly with some of the  olive oil  and lay on the grill rack over the hot coals. Grill, turning often, until golden on all sides. Cool. Cut kernels from cobs with a sharp knife into a large bowl. (There should be about 1 1/3 cups.) 
 4. Heat remaining  olive oil  in a small skillet over medium-low heat. Add  garlic  and cook, stirring often, about 10 minutes or until very soft and fragrant. Cool and add to bowl of  corn  kernels. 
 5. Cut  tomatoes  in half and gently squeeze out seeds and discard. Dice the  tomatoes . (There should be about 1 1/3 cups.) Add  tomatoes  and  green pepper  to  corn  mixture. Mix in  lemon juice ,  salt  and  pepper . Taste salad and adjust seasonings if desired. 
 6. To grill the  Catfish , brush the marinated fillets with  olive oil  and lay on the grill over the hottest part of the fire. After about 30 seconds, turn fillets 90 degrees and grill on the same side for 30 seconds longer. Move the fillets to a cooler part of the fire and cook 2 minutes longer on that side. Turn over and cook 3 to 4 minutes on the other side, or until fish flakes easily when tested with a fork. Just before the fillets are done, brush with barbecue sauce. 
 7. Place the grilled  Catfish  on serving plates and spoon  corn  relish over them. Garnish with fresh  basil  leaves. 
 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Basil Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Chili powder Recipes, Corn Recipes, Dark brown sugar Recipes, Green bell pepper Recipes, Grilled or broiled catfish Recipes, Add category