Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Beef_Bourguignon

Description : 
 Many soups and stews begin with the sautéing of celery, onion and carrots. This trio of aromatics is the foundation of French cooking. So don't worry about leftover vegetables when you're preparing this Bourguignon.
 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 Original recipe 
 Prep Time: 15 minutes | Chill Time: 30 minutes | Cook Time: 40 minutes 
 Makes 4 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 ¾ cup  Pinot Noir  or dry  red wine 
 1 pound lean  sirloin steak , cut into chunks 
 3 slices  turkey bacon 
 ½ medium  onion , chopped 
 2 cloves  garlic , minced 
 1 cup chopped  carrots 
 1 cup chopped  celery 
 1 tablespoon chopped fresh  thyme 
 1 (14-ounce) can low-salt  beef broth 
 1 (8-ounce) container sliced fresh  mushrooms 
 1 cup diced  tomato 
 Directions : 
 Pour wine over steak and refrigerate 30 minutes. 
 Cook bacon in a large Dutch oven coated with cooking spray 3 minutes on each side or until browned. 
 Remove, cool and crumble; set aside. 
 Deglaze the pan with 3 tablespoons of red wine from marinade and cook on high heat for 1 minute, scraping the bottom of the pan. 
 Add the beef and cook 5 minutes or until browned; remove beef from pot and set aside. 
 Add onion, garlic and next 4 ingredients; cover and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. 
 Add mushrooms, beef, crumbled bacon and diced tomatoes and increase to medium heat; cook 10 more minutes. 
 Serve with rice or potatoes, or try this: toast thick-sliced French bread. Cut a raw garlic clove in half and rub the toasted bread with the garlic. Serve the Beef Bourguignon over the bread. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 calories 239 (27% from fat) | fat 7.2g (sat 2.4g) | protein 29.9g | carb 9.9g | fiber 2.5g | chol 68mg | iron 3.6mg | sodium 604mg 
 
 
 
Categories: Beef stock and broth Recipes, Beef sirloin Recipes, Beef steak Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Celery Recipes, Garlic Recipes, Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Mushroom Recipes, Onion Recipes, Pinot Noir Recipes, Add category