Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Barbecued_Chicken

Description : 
 Contributed by  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
Makes 6 Servings (2 tablespoons sauce with each serving).
 
 Ingredients : 
 6  chicken breasts , 6 ounces each, bone in, fat and skin removed 
 olive oil  cooking spray 
 Barbecue Sauce : 
 1 x 10¾-oz can  tomato purée 
 ½  onion , chopped fine 
 3 tbsp French-style  whole-grain mustard 
 3 tbsp fresh  lemon juice 
 sugar substitute  equivalent of 2 tbsp sugar, or to taste 
 1 tbsp  Worcestershire sauce 
 1 to 2 tsp  hot sauce  (optional) 
 ¼ tsp ground  allspice 
 ¼ tsp ground  ginger 
 ⅓ cup  water 
 freshly ground  pepper 
 Directions : 
 Prepare the coals in the barbecue or light the grill. 
 Barbecue Sauce : 
 Place the tomato puree in a deep sauce pan. 
 Add the onion and simmer slowly, covered, for 5 minutes. 
 Uncover and add the mustard, lemon juice, sugar substitute, Worcestershire sauce, pepper sauce, (if using), allspice, ginger, and water. 
 Simmer slowly for about 10 minutes until the sauce thickens. 
 Add the pepper. 
 Makes about 2 cups which can be frozen, refrigerated for up to 4 days, or served warm immediately. 
 Chicken : 
 When ready to grill, lightly coat the chicken breasts with cooking spray. 
 Pat with freshly ground pepper and them place on the grill, bone side up. 
 Grill, turning frequently, for 20 to 25 minutes. 
 After 20 – 25 minutes brush both sides with barbecue sauce. 
 Continue to grill until the chicken is no longer pink when cut with a knife. 
 To serve, return the barbecue sauce to the stove and bring to a rapid boil for at least 2 minutes. 
 Transfer sauce to a serving dish and pass to spoon over chicken breasts. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving: 
 
 170 Calories | 10% Calories from Fat | 2 g Total Fat | 0.5 g Saturated Fat | 3 g Carbohydrates | 33 g Protein | 82 mg Cholesterol | 246 mg Sodium | 1 g Dietary Fiber 
 Dietary Exchanges: 4 Very Lean Protein 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, Barbecue Recipes, Chicken breast Recipes, Barbecue sauce Recipes, Tomato sauce Recipes, Onion Recipes, Prepared mustard Recipes, Lemon juice Recipes, Add category