Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Reduced-fat_Carrot_Cake

Description : 
 Makes 1 cake and 1 cup of frosting (16 servings)
 
 Ingredients : 
 ¼ cup  walnuts 
 2½ cup sifted  cake flour 
 2 tsp  cinnamon 
 2 tsp  baking powder 
 1½ tsp  soda 
 1 tsp  salt 
 2 large  eggs 
 2 large  egg whites 
 2 cup  sugar 
 ⅓ cup  vegetable oil 
 2 cup grated  carrots  (5 to 6 small  carrots ) 
 1 can (8 oz) crushed  pineapple  thoroughly drained 
 12 oz low fat  cream cheese  softened 
 ½ cup  powdered sugar 
 1½ tsp pure  vanilla extract 
 1 cup pitted  prunes 
 6 tbsp hot  water 
 Directions : 
 Cake : 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. 
 Coat the inside of three 9 inch layer cake pans with  vegetable oil   cooking spray . 
 Line the bottoms with wax paper and set aside. 
 Spread  walnuts  in a pie plate and bake 8 - 10 minutes, or until fragrant. 
 Let cool and chop coarsely. 
 In a medium size bowl, stir together  flour ,  cinnamon ,  baking powder , soda and  salt . 
 In a large bowl, whisk together  eggs  and  egg whites . 
 Add  sugar ,  prune puree  and  oil  and whisk until smooth. 
 Add the  flour  mixture to the  egg  mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until blended. 
 Stir in  carrots ,  pineapple  and the toasted  walnuts . 
 Divide the batter among the prepared pans and bake 30 to 35 minutes, or until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean. 
 Let cool for 5 minutes in the pan on a rack. 
 Loosen edges and invert cakes onto racks. 
 Peel off paper and let cool completely. 
 Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate, spread a scant ½ cup  cream cheese  frosting over it. 
 Top with another cake layer and spread another scant ½ cup frosting. 
 Place the third layer on top and spread top and sides with remaining frosting. 
 Cream frosting : 
 In a mixing bowl,combine  cream cheese ,  sugar  and  vanilla ; beat with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. 
 prune puree : to make  prune puree , combine 6 oz (1 cup) pitted  prunes  with 6 tbsp. 
 Hot  water  in a food processor and process until smooth. 
 Notes : 
 One cup purée contains 407 calories and 1 gram fat. 
 One cup of  butter  contains 1,600 calories and 182 grams of fat. 
 One cup of  oil  contains 1,944 calories and 218 grams fat. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving (1/16 recipe): 310 calories, 6 gram protein, 10 gram carbohydrates, 392 milligrams sodium, 34 milligrams cholesterol
 
 
 
 
Categories: Diabetic-friendly Recipes, Cake Recipes, Cake flour Recipes, Carrot Recipes, Cream cheese Recipes, Egg Recipes, Egg white Recipes, Pineapple Recipes, Prune Recipes, Walnut Recipes, Add category