Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Tabbouleh_with_Marinated_Artichokes_and_Baby_Spinach

Contributed by  Catsrecipes Y-Group 
 
 1½ Hours | 20 minutes Prep 
 4 Servings 
 Ingredients : 
 Marinated artichokes : 
 4 large  artichokes 
 ½ teaspoon  cumin  seeds 
 3 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil 
 2 tablespoons  sherry wine vinegar 
 2 teaspoons finely chopped  oregano 
 salt 
 fresh ground  pepper 
 Tabbouleh and spinach : 
 1 cup boiling  water 
 1 cup coarse  bulgur  (6 ounces) 
 3 tablespoons extra-virgin  olive oil 
 3 tablespoons fresh  lemon juice 
 2  scallions , finely chopped 
 1 bunch fresh  curly-leaf parsley , coarsely chopped (4 ounces) 
 1  plum tomato , finely diced 
 1 tablespoon chopped  mint 
 salt  and freshly ground  black pepper 
 10  cherry tomatoes , halved 
 2 cups packed baby  spinach  leaves (3 ounces) 
 ¼ cup crumbled  feta  cheese (2 ounces) 
 2 tablespoons toasted  pine nuts 
 Directions : 
 Marinated artichokes : 
 Cut the stems off the artichokes. 
 Place the stems and artichokes in a steamer basket set over 1 inch of simmering  water . 
 Cover and steam over moderate heat until the  artichoke  bottoms are tender when pierced with a knife, about 40 minutes. 
 When cool enough to handle,pull the leaves off the artichokes and trim off any fibrous outer skin. 
 Using a spoon, scrape out the hairy chokes. 
 Quarter the  artichoke  bottoms. 
 Peel the  artichoke  stems and cut them into ½-inch rounds. 
 In a small skillet, toast the  cumin  seeds over moderate heat until fragrant,about 40 seconds. 
 Transfer to a spice grinder and let cool. 
 Grind the cumin seeds to a powder and transfer to a large, shallow dish. 
 Stir in the olive oil,  vinegar  and  oregano  and season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Add the artichokes and coat well with the  cumin  marinade. 
 Let stand at room temperature for 1hour or refrigerate overnight. 
 Tabbouleh and spinach : 
 In a large heatproof bowl, pour the boiling water over the  bulgur . 
 Cover and let stand until the  water  is absorbed and the  bulgur  is tender, about 40 minutes. 
 Fluff with a fork. 
 Stir in the olive oil,  lemon juice , scallions,  parsley ,  plum tomato  and  mint ; season with salt and  pepper . 
 Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour, or until chilled. 
 In a bowl, toss the  cherry tomatoes  with the  spinach ,  feta  and  pine nuts . 
 Spoon 2 tablespoons of the marinade from the artichokes over the salad and toss well; season with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Spoon the tabbouleh onto plates and surround with the artichokes. 
 Top with the  spinach  salad and serve. 
 
 
 
Categories: Artichoke Recipes, Bulgur Recipes, Cathy's Recipes, Cherry tomato Recipes, Curly parsley Recipes, Feta Recipes, Mint Recipes, Oregano Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, Plum tomato Recipes, Add category