Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Swedish_Gravlax

Description : 
 This is the traditional Swedish  gravlax  recipe. Nowadays lots of varieties have evolved, but this is the original. It is traditionally served with the  mustard  sauce ('Gravlaxsas') and  lemon . I recommend a German or Californian dry or semi-dry  white wine  to this. Because of the simplicity of the recipe, the salmon has to be of the best quality and freshness available. 
 
       Gravlax (marinated salmon)     
 Ingredients : 
 2 lbs Norwegian  salmon  fillets (of optimum quality) 
 ¼ cup  salt  (preferably  sea salt ) 
 ⅓ cup  sugar 
 ½ teaspoon  white peppercorns , slightly crushed in a mortar 
 1 bunch fresh  dill , the stems 
 Mustard sauce : 
 3 tablespoons  Swedish mustard or German sweet mustard 
 1 teaspoon  Dijon mustard 
 1 teaspoon  sugar 
 1 teaspoon  vinegar 
 salt ,  pepper 
 6 tablespoons mild  vegetable oil  (not  olive oil !) 
 additional fresh  dill , finely chopped 
 Directions : 
 For the salmon, remove all bones with a pair of tweezers, but leave the skin on. 
 Rinse. 
 Mash the dill stems in a mortar with a little of the  salt . 
 Mix with the rest of the  salt , the  sugar  and  pepper . 
 Save the  dill leaves  for the sauce. 
 Cover the flesh side of the fillets with the mixture, and place the fillets flesh-to-flesh in a tray made of glass or stainless steel. 
 Cover with plastic foil and put a heavy weight on top (e.g. the mortar or a brick). 
 Keep refrigerated for 72 hours, turning the fillets every 12 hours. 
 Do not discard the liquid that forms. 
 Scrape off the spices and discard the liquid. 
 The salmon will keep refrigerated for about a week. 
 For the sauce, mix  mustard ,  sugar  and  vinegar . 
 Add the  oil  a little at the time (as for  mayonnaise ), constantly stirring. 
 Just before serving, add lots of dill and  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Slice the salmon with a sharp, flexible knife in big, thin slices parallel to the skin. 
 Arrange the ice-cold salmon on  lettuce  leaves with slices of  lemon . 
 Serve the sauce separately. 
 Also serve toasted bread and  butter . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/3/3c/Gravlax_%28marinated_salmon%29.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080516004144']
Categories: Swedish Appetizers, Swedish Meat Dishes, Dill Recipes, Mayonnaise Recipes, Prepared mustard Recipes, Dijon mustard Recipes, Salmon Recipes, White pepper Recipes, Vinegar Recipes, Add category