Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/California_Avocado-Citrus_Tamales_With_Roasted_Pepper_and_Chipotle_Pesto

Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 
 1.1   Ingredients 
 
 
 2   Directions 
 
 2.1   Other Links 
 
 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Description : 
 Ingredients : 
 4 Cups prepared  masa  (Prepared  masa  is sold at Mexican markets and some grocery stores) 
 ½ Tbsp  Cayenne 
 2 Tbsp tangerine zest, grated 
 ¼ Cup  pine nuts 
 8  corn  husks, soaked until soft 
 1  avocado , sliced into 8 even pieces 
 For Pesto 
 2 red  bell peppers , roasted, peeled and seeded 
 2 Tbsp  white wine vinegar 
 2 Tbsp  water 
 4 Tbsp extra virgin  olive oil 
 2 Tbsp canned chipotle chilies 
 1 oz  pine nuts 
 2 Tbsp  cilantro , chopped 
 salt , to taste 
 To Serve 
 4  corn  husks 
 2 avocados, peeled and halved 
 Tangerine zest 
 Red  bell pepper , julienned 
 Directions : 
 Place prepared  masa  in a bowl. 
 Add  Cayenne , tangerine zest and  pine nuts . Mix well. 
 Spread  masa  mixture over the center of each soaked  corn  husk. 
 Place an  avocado  slice in the center of the  masa  in each and fold the sides around and then the bottom up. When finished with all 8 tamales, steam over boiling  water , covered, for one hour. 
 Remove husks before serving.
 For Roasted red pepper and Chipotle Pesto, combine ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth but still textured. Warm gently before serving. 
 To serve tamales, spread pesto over bottom half of each plate. 
 Tie one end of a  corn  husk with a thin strip of husk to form a fan shape. 
 Place a fan on each plate with tied end in center. 
 Place one whole tamale on the husk and half a tamale on either side. 
 Slice avocados and arrange slices in fan shapes over sauce. 
 Garnish with tangerine zest and red pepper. 
 Note: Prepared  masa  is sold at Mexican markets and some grocery stores.
 
 Other Links : 
 See also : 
 
 
 
Categories: Avocado Recipes, Corn Recipes, Masa Recipes, Pine nut Recipes, White vinegar Recipes, Add category