Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Shiitake_mushroom


 Browse All Shiitake mushroom Recipes   
       Shiitake mushrooms     
 Name Variations : 
 shitake mushroom 
 black forest mushroom 
 black mushroom 
 black winter mushroom 
 brown oak mushroom 
 Chinese black mushroom 
 oriental black mushroom 
 Japanese black mushroom 
 forest mushroom 
 golden oak mushroom 
 donko 
 About Shiitake mushroom : 
 Wikipedia Article  About Shiitake mushrooms on Wikipedia 
 The  shiitake mushroom  (Lentinula edodes; Japanese: 椎茸, shiitake; Chinese: 香菇; Hanyu Pinyin: xiānggū, literally "fragrant mushroom" or "delicious mushroom"; Korean: hangul: 표고; hanja: 瓢菰; pyogo), also known as Chinese black mushroom or black forest mushroom, is an edible mushroom, indigenous to East Asia, and is typically cultivated on dead wood, especially of its namesake, the shii, or Japanese Chinquapin tree,  Castanopsis cuspidata . Two Chinese variant names for high grades of shiitake are dōnggū (冬菇, "winter mushroom") and huāgū (花菇, "flower mushroom," which has a flower-like cracking pattern on the mushroom's upper surface); both are produced at colder temperatures.  The mushroom has a pale brown to dark reddish brown cap that is generally two to four inches wide. The young mushrooms have an in rolled edge, which nearly flattens out with age. The stems are tough and fibrous and are generally detached and discarded. The cap has creamy white gills on its underside and its flesh is firm and white. The mushroom grows in clusters on hardwood, such as oak, chestnut and beech. The flesh is meaty textured with a rich, smoky flavor and goes well with all foods. The shiitake can be sautéed, baked or broiled and can be used in soups, casseroles, sauces, in stuffing for poultry or fish and eaten on their own. Shiitakes are available fresh and dried. Select those that are firm and plump and avoid any that are shriveled, dry, slimy or bruised. The mushrooms should be stored without cleaning, loosely wrapped in paper towels or a paper bag in the refrigerator. Do not store fresh mushrooms in plastic, though dried mushrooms can be stored indefinitely, though, they retain their flavor better if refrigerated. When ready to use, clean by removing grit with a damp paper towel or gently scrub with a soft brush. If you must use water, keep to a minimum and then pat dry with a paper towel. 
 
 Shiitake mushroom Recipes : 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/2/24/ChineseMushroom.gif/revision/latest?cb=20080516004538']
Categories: Mushrooms, Add category