Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Rustic_Nectarine_and_Raspberry_Crostata_with_Cornmeal_Crust

Description : 
 The picture says it all! This beauty not only looks impressive, but tastes fresh and wonderful. The  cornmeal  in the crust adds a nice element, different than the regular pie crust. (prep time includes chilling periods)
 
 
 Ingredients : 
 CRUST : 
 1⅔ cups  all-purpose flour 
 ¼ cup coarse  cornmeal 
 3 tablespoons  sugar 
 1 teaspoon packed  orange zest 
 ¾ teaspoon  salt 
 14 tablespoons chilled  unsalted butter , cut into ½ inch cubes 
 ⅓ cup ice water (or more) 
 FILLING : 
 ¼ cup  sugar 
 1½ teaspoons  cornstarch 
 4 medium  nectarines , pitted and each cut into 16 slices 
 ½ pint  raspberries  or  blackberries  or  blueberries 
 ½ teaspoon  vanilla extract 
 1  egg , beaten (for glaze) 
 raw  sugar  crystals, to sprinkle 
 peach  preserves, heated 
 Directions : 
 To prepare the crust: combine first 5 ingredients in food processor and whizz for 5 seconds to blend. 
 Add  butter , and pulse until  butter  is pea size. 
 Add ⅓ cup  ice   water  and pulse until dough forms moist clumps. 
 Add more  water  by teaspoon fulls if too dry. 
 Gather dough into ball, flatten into disc, wrap in plastic and chill for at least one hour. 
 Can be made 1 day ahead. 
 Let dough sit a few minutes, then roll on lightly floured sheet of parchment paper to a 14 inch round, turning occasionally to prevent sticking. 
 Slide a rimless baking sheet under parchment and place disc in fridge for 30 minutes. 
 To make filling: stir  sugar  and  cornstarch  to blend. 
 Mix in fruit and  vanilla . 
 Let stand until juices are released, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. 
 Preheat oven to 375 °F. 
 Transfer baking sheet with dough to work surface and let stand for 8 minutes. 
 Spoon fruit and juices into center of dough, making a even 10 inch diameter. 
 Brush a 2 inch border of dough with  egg . 
 Lift about 2 inches of dough border and pinch to form vertical seam. 
 Pinching every two inches. 
 See photo- middle six inches of fruit should remain uncovered. 
 Brush folded border with  egg  and sprinkle with raw  sugar . 
 Place baking sheet with tart in oven. 
 Bake until crust is golden and fruit is bubbling, about 55 minutes. 
 Remove from oven and transfer with large spatula to cooling rack. 
 Brush fruit with heated preserves. 
 Cool 45 minutes. 
 Serve warm, or at room temp. 
 A dollop of  crème fraîche  or  vanilla   ice cream  goes very nicely with a slice of this. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/recipes/images/1/13/Rustic_nectarine.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080516004730']
Categories: Blackberry Recipes, Blueberry Recipes, Cornmeal Recipes, Italian Desserts, Nectarine Recipes, Raspberry Recipes, Add category