Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Riz_et_Pois


 
 Description : 
 Rice and beans - A Haitian favourite
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 cup dried  red kidney beans 
 1½ teaspoons  salt , divided 
 freshly ground  black pepper  to taste 
 6 to 8 cups  water 
 2 tablespoons  vegetable oil 
 2 to 3 cloves  garlic , peeled, minced 
 1  green pepper , cored, chopped 
 2  green onions , chopped 
 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh chopped  parsley 
 ½ teaspoon  black pepper 
 salt  to taste 
 ½ teaspoon ground  cloves 
 1 tablespoon  butter 
 2 cups uncooked  long-grain white rice 
 Directions : 
 In a large sieve or colander, wash the  beans  under running  water  until the draining  water  runs clear. 
 Transfer them to a heavy 3- or 4-quart saucepan. 
 Add ½ teaspoon of the  salt  and the ground  black pepper . 
 Pour in 6 cups of the  water . 
 Bring to a boil over high heat. 
 Reduce the heat to low and simmer, partially covered, 1½ hours or until the  beans  are tender but intact. 
 Drain the  beans  and reserve the cooking liquid. 
 In a large, heavy skillet, heat the  vegetable oil . 
 Add the  garlic ,  green pepper ,  green onion ,  parsley ,  pepper ,  salt  and cloves. 
 Sauté about 5 minutes. 
 Add the  beans  and stir until heated through. 
 Watch carefully for any sign of burning. 
 Set aside. 
 Measure out the bean cooking liquid and add enough  water  to make 4 cups. 
 In a large saucepan, melt the  butter  over medium heat. 
 When it is very hot, but not smoking, add the  rice  and stir 1–2 minutes, or until the  grains  turn somewhat milky and opaque. 
 Stir in the 4 cups of reserved liquid and  water , the remaining 1 teaspoon of  salt  and more ground  black pepper  to taste. 
 Bring to a hard boil. 
 Reduce the heat, add the cooked bean mixture, cover tightly and reduce the heat to the lowest possible setting. 
 Simmer 20 minutes, or until the  rice  is tender and has absorbed all the liquid. 
 Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary with  salt  and  pepper . 
 Fluff the  rice  and  beans  with a fork and serve hot. 
 
 
 
Categories: Haitian Salads, Haitian Vegetarian, Green bell pepper Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Red kidney bean Recipes, Long-grain rice Recipes, Shallot Recipes, White rice Recipes, Add category