Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/New_Mexican_Chicken-Cilantro_Sausage_Strata

Description : 
 Contributed by Jenn B aka Mom2sam and Tiny at  World Recipes Y-Group  and  Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends Y-Group 
 
 Makes 8 servings 
 Ingredients : 
 olive oil   cooking spray 
 1 pound (480 g) purchased low-fat New Mexican  chicken-cilantro sausages   or  other low-fat  chicken  or  turkey sausages 
 2 cups (480 ml) 1%  low-fat milk 
 1½ cups (360 ml)  egg substitute 
 refrigerated butter-flavored  cooking spray 
 ¾ cups (90 g) shredded low-fat sharp  cheddar  cheese 
 8 slices good-quality white  bread , crusts removed and cut into cubes 
 1½ cups (360 ml)  Roasted Tomatillo Salsa 
 Directions : 
 Remove and discard  sausage  casings. 
 Crumble the  sausage  and sauté in a nonstick skillet over medium heat until evenly browned, stirring and breaking up any large clumps with a wooden spoon. 
 Using a slotted spoon, transfer the browned  sausage  to paper towels to thoroughly drain. 
 In a 1-quart (1 l) measuring cup, whisk together the  milk  and  egg substitute . 
 Lightly coat a 2-quart (2 l) casserole dish with  cooking spray . 
 Place ¼ cup (30 g) of the shredded  cheese  in a self-sealing plastic bag. 
 Refrigerate. 
 Layer ⅓ of the  bread  cubes on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. 
 Top with half of the browned  sausage  and ¼ cup (30 g) of the shredded  cheese . 
 Pour 1 cup (240 ml) of the  milk - egg  mixture over the top. 
 Repeat the layers, finishing with the final  bread  layer and the remaining 1½ cups (360 ml) of the  milk - egg  mixture. 
 Cover with the [[ tomatillo salsa . 
 Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. 
 Pre-heat oven to 350°F (180°C, gas mark 4). 
 Uncover the casserole. 
 Sprinkle the top with the reserved shredded  cheese . 
 Bake until the strata is bubbling and golden brown and a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 50 to 60 minutes. 
 Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving. 
 Nutritional information : 
 Per serving:
 
 199 Calories (19% Calories from fat) | 20g Protein | 4g Total fat (1.6g Saturated fat) | 21g Carbohydrates | 1g Dietary fiber | 24 mg Cholesterol | 375 mg Potassium | 689 mg Sodium 
 Diabetic exchanges: 2 lean protein | 1½ carbohydrate (1 bread/starch, ½ skim milk) 
 
 
 
Categories: Healthy Recipes for Diabetic Friends, World Recipes, Casserole Recipes, Bread Recipes, Cheddar Recipes, Chicken sausage Recipes, Turkey sausage Recipes, Egg substitute Recipes, Low-fat milk Recipes, Prepared salsa Recipes, Add category