Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Poulet_R%C3%B4ti_%C3%A0_la_Creole

Ingredients : 
 3 tbsp + 4 tbsp  butter , softened 
 1  garlic  clove, peeled 
 ¼ tsp ground hot red pepper 
 1 cup soft fresh  bread crumbs 
 1½ tsp  salt 
 4 tbsp  lime juice 
 ¼ tsp ground  nutmeg 
 1 tbsp finely grated  lime rind 
 ½ tsp  salt 
 1 cup  chicken stock , fresh or canned 
 3 medium-sized ripe  bananas 
 1 tsp  dark brown sugar 
 3½ – 4 lbs whole roasting  chicken 
 freshly ground  black pepper , to taste 
 Directions : 
 Preheat the oven to 350°F. 
 In a heavy 6" to 8" skillet, melt 3 tbsp of  butter  over moderate heat. 
 When the foam begins to subside, drop in the  garlic  and stir for 10 to 15 seconds. 
 Remove and discard the  garlic ; add the bread crumbs and stir until they are crisp and brown. 
 Off the heat stir in 3 tbsp of the  lime juice ,  lime  rind,  brown sugar ,  nutmeg , red pepper, 1 tsp of the  salt  and  pepper  to taste. 
 Set this bread-crumb stuffing aside. 
 Peel and chop the  bananas  fine, and put them into a small bowl. 
 Add the remaining tbsp of  lime juice , the remaining ½ tsp of  salt , and  pepper  to taste, and toss the ingredients with a spoon to combine this  banana  stuffing thoroughly. 
 Pat the  chicken  completely dry inside and out with paper towels. 
 Fill the breast cavity with the  banana  stuffing and close the opening by lacing it with skewers or sewing it with a large needle and heavy white thread. 
 Fill the smaller neck cavity with the bread-crumb stuffing and skewer or sew the opening shut. 
 Truss the  chicken  securely and, with a pastry brush, coat it thoroughly with the 4 tbsp of softened  butter . 
 Place the bird on a rack in a shallow roasting pan just large enough to hold it comfortably and roast in the middle of the oven for about 1½ hours, basting occasionally with the juices as they accumulate in the pan. 
 To test the doneness, pierce the thigh of the bird with the point of a small, sharp knife. 
 The juice that trickles out should be pale yellow; if it is tinged with pink, roast the  chicken  for another 5 to 10 minutes. 
 Transfer the bird to a large, heated platter, cut off and discard the trussing strings, and let the  chicken  rest for about 5 minutes for easier carving. 
 Meanwhile, skim the fat from the juices in the pan and pour in the cup of stock. 
 Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring to the bottom of the pan. 
 Cook the sauce briskly for 2 or 3 minutes, taste for seasoning, and pour it into a small bowl. 
 
 
 
Categories: Haitian Meat Dishes, Creole Meat Dishes, Banana Recipes, Brown sugar Recipes, Chicken Recipes, Chicken stock and broth Recipes, Clove Recipes, Lime peel Recipes, Lime juice Recipes, Breadcrumb Recipes, Add category