Link: https://recipes.fandom.com/wiki/Asopao_de_Pollo_con_Bollitas_de_Platano


 
 Description : 
 Rice gumbo with plantain balls
 
 Ingredients : 
 1 or 2  chickens  cut in small pieces 
 adobo  (a blend of  salt ,  oregano ,  garlic ,  black pepper  and  turmeric ) 
 red pepper  slices 
 1 or more small  potatoes , cut in one-inch cubes 
 2 to 3 cups uncooked  white rice, medium grain 
 diced  onion 
 diced  tomato 
 cilantro 
 garlic 
 bay leaf 
 olive oil 
 one green  plantain , if available 
 Bollitas de platano : 
 1 green  plantain 
 1 tablespoonful of  wheat flour 
 Directions : 
 Use canned adobo powder, available at most grocers and generously cover all exposed surfaces of the  chicken  cut in small pieces (the idea is to give each parrandero a small bite of  chicken ). 
 When preparing the asopao for your family, adjust the  chicken  pieces accordingly. 
 For best results, allow to marinate for two hours. 
 Place three cups of  water  and the  chicken  pieces in a deep pot and bring to a boil. 
 Lower the heat to medium and cook for ten to fifteen minutes, depending on the number of pieces. 
 Optionally, remove some of the broth (delicious for sipping or subsequent dishes). 
 Optionally, too, remove some of the skins from the cooked  chicken  pieces. 
 Remove everything from the pot, place two tablespoonfuls of  olive oil  and heat for about one minute. 
 Saute  onion  and diced cilantro for under a minute, add  garlic ,  tomato  and  bay leaf , saute another minute. 
 Add the  chicken  pieces with their broth. 
 Bring to a boil. 
 Add the  rice . 
 Cook over medium heat, covered, for around twenty minutes. 
 If the pot is not deep enough, it is likely to boil over, so uncover it often, stir, and let some steam out to prevent it. 
 Add the diced  potatoes  and  red peppers . 
 Cook for another ten minutes. 
 You may substitute the  potatoes  for:. 
 Bollitas de platano : 
 Grate a green  plantain  into thin shreds. 
 Place a small amount into the palm of your hand and form into a ball, adding a pinch of  flour  as necessary to give it consistency. 
 Add the bollitas to the pot when cooking time is down to fifteen minutes. 
 
 
 
Categories: Puerto Rican Meat Dishes, Chicken Recipes, Okra Recipes, Red bell pepper Recipes, Medium-grain rice Recipes, Plantain Recipes, Potato Recipes, Recipes that need photos, Add category